clear
insert|132413|HOUSING PRESERVATION & DVLPMNT|1|Project Manager, Primary Prevention Program|COMMUNITY COORDINATOR|45615|70810|Annual|100 Gold Street|Preservation Programs|"The Division of Preservation Finance seeks a Project Manager for the Primary Prevention Program (PPP).  The Division of Preservation Finance administers multiple loan programs including the 8A Loan Program, the Participation Loan Program program, the HUD Multifamily Loan Program and the LIHTC Preservation (Year 15) Program. These programs facilitate the rehabilitation of privately-owned multifamily buildings throughout New York City.     The Primary Prevention Program, a joint initiative between the Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) and the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH), uses funding from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to offer grants to building owners for lead treatment. This initiative addresses a serious environmental threat to young children that results from deteriorated lead-based paint in apartments. The program, part of a broad City strategy to lower the hazards from lead-based paint, provides grants to owners of single and multi-unit apartment houses built before 1960, the year New York City banned the use of lead-based paint. In addition to federal funds, the Primary Prevention Program is also supported by City Capital money to address lead-based paint hazards citywide. The Program gives owners the means to make their buildings lead-safe through low-level interim treatment and by restoring non-intact painted surfaces to an intact condition.     The Project Manager will carry out project coordination duties for PPP, which will include supervising assigned projects from application to construction completion| working directly with building owners and tenants| working closely with and assisting HPD field staff as well as personnel from the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene| participating in monthly task force meetings and conducting tenant meetings|  assisting the public with inquiries on lead grant qualifications| being responsible for data input into the Division’s tracking systems, and providing technical assistance to processing staff within the Division’s rehabilitation loan programs on compliance with lead paint abatement requirements.  Within this position, job duties may include:      •Performing application evaluation and project management tasks for an assigned group of projects|  •Counseling owners on the requirements for completing required submissions, contractor solicitations and pre-closing activities|   •Reviewing and interpreting technical lead paint test results|  •Providing technical assistance to program staff in the Division’s rehab loan programs on assessment of treatment requirements and options|  •Providing liaison and representing the program at community outreach and inter-agency coordination meetings|  •Performing registration of grant-funded sites and processing payments for lead remediation treatments.    The successful candidate must have strong organizational, analytic, communication and writing skills and the ability to use Excel and Word.  Knowledge of ACCESS is preferred.  The position will require periodic fieldwork and may require occasional attendance at evening meetings."|"1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and two years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties described above| or  2. High school graduation or equivalent and six years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties as described above| or  3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to ''1'' or ''2'' above. However, all candidates must have at least one year of experience as described in ''1'' above."|Candidates must have strong quantitative skills, be detailed-oriented, organized, self-motivated, and be able to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines.  Candidates must also demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills.  Demonstrated analytical skills, and ability to work effectively with others to obtain results promptly is required.  Strong computer skills, especially facility with Excel and Word, required.  Candidates with Bachelors or Masters in Urban Planning, Real Estate Finance, Business Administration or related fields are strongly preferred.| |10/02/2013 00:00:00
insert|132566|FIRE DEPARTMENT|1|Electronic Command Board (ECB) Project Manager|ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF ANALYST (|31|49|Hourly|9 Metrotech Center, Brooklyn N|Bureau of Tech Deve and Syst|The Electronic Command Board (ECB) Project Manager will be responsible for the coordination and project management of the ECB Project, including: scheduling of vehicle installations, vendor management of the prime contractor and all sub-contractors, coordination of hardware and software maintenance activities, and preparation of reports and senior staff briefings. The ECB Project Manager will be a member of BTDS and work with other BTDS staff including: WAN, LAN, Engineering, CAD and non-CAD Programming, Radio Repair, and Fleet Maintenance. The ECB Project Manager will assist in the support of the FGAP program.|"1. A master's degree from an accredited college in economics, finance, accounting, business or public administration, human resources management, management science, operations research, organizational behavior, industrial psychology, statistics, personnel administration, labor relations, psychology, sociology, human resources development, political science, urban studies or a closely related field, and two years of satisfactory full-time professional experience in one or a combination of the following: working with the budget of a large public or private concern in budget administration, accounting, economic or financial administration, or fiscal or economic research| in management or methods analysis, operations research, organizational research or program evaluation| in personnel or public administration, recruitment, position classification, personnel relations, employee benefits, staff development, employment program planning/administration, labor market research, economic planning, social services program planning/evaluation, or fiscal management| or in a related area. 18 months of this experience must have been in an executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory capacity. Supervision must have included supervising staff performing professional work in the areas described above| or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of professional experience in the areas described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience, as described in ''1'' above."|Experience in managing complex technology projects. Experience and/or education in computer technology and wireless communications.| |06/16/2014 00:00:00
insert|120094|DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE|1|Project Manager|ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF ANALYST (|68238|110000|Annual|210 Joralemon St., Brooklyn|Ctywd Paymts & Rcvbls-Ops|"The Department of Finance - Citywide Payments & Receivables Services (CPRS) Division is charged with facilitating customer enhanced services, best practices, and administrative savings across the City for all payment-related activity.  The division seeks a dynamic, motivated detail-oriented individual who will serve primarily as a Project Manager (PM).  The position supports the overall mission of CPRS and will be involved with multiple projects and tasks at any given time, many of which will require multi-divisional and/or multi-agency coordination.    Specific assignments will include, but will not be limited to:    •  Testing Management - Manage and support system test, UAT, and ORT testing from a business perspective - across multiple partners, across multiple agencies, and for multiple products.    •  Change Management – Track and coordinate implementation of bugs, issues, and enhancements using HP’s Quality Center tool and other project software|  coordinate this work amongst multiple partners.  •  Agency Relations Management and Onboarding – Analyze agency client needs and support them through discovery, implementation, and post-launch activities while maintaining best practices and compliance standards.    •  Structured Project Management - Prepare and/or review Microsoft project plans| develop and review estimates and estimating assumptions for the project schedule| identify and mitigate risks| coordinate project activities across multiple partners| oversee resource requirements in your work streams| and manage all changes to the requirements through a formally defined scope change process.  •  Project Coordination - Manage relationships and coordinate work between vendors, sub-contractors, City agencies, and various teams at multiple work locations.  •  Process Improvement - Streamline, clarify, or develop project and/or operational processes, often with multiple partners, during any stage of the Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC).  •  Issue Resolution – Support and negotiate the resolution of critical issues.  Assist agency partners to expedite the resolution and determine next steps.  •  Program, Project, and Business Level Reporting/Analytics – Provide support for various program data/metrics| report regular status updates for projects to meet delivery deadlines| and develop and give senior-level presentations.  •  Deliverable Review – Provide comments on format, quality and content of vendor/partner deliverables (both analysis and project management-related)"|"1. A master's degree from an accredited college in economics, finance, accounting, business or public administration, human resources management, management science, operations research, organizational behavior, industrial psychology, statistics, personnel administration, labor relations, psychology, sociology, human resources development, political science, urban studies or a closely related field, and two years of satisfactory full-time professional experience in one or a combination of the following: working with the budget of a large public or private concern in budget administration, accounting, economic or financial administration, or fiscal or economic research| in management or methods analysis, operations research, organizational research or program evaluation| in personnel or public administration, recruitment, position classification, personnel relations, employee benefits, staff development, employment program planning/administration, labor market research, economic planning, social services program planning/evaluation, or fiscal management| or in a related area. 18 months of this experience must have been in an executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory capacity. Supervision must have included supervising staff performing professional work in the areas described above| or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of professional experience in the areas described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience, as described in ''1'' above."|•  Prefer candidates with 3+ years of project management experience  •  Experience using or developing property tax systems  •  Excellent verbal and written communication skills (a writing sample may be requested)  •  Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills  •  Excellent negotiation and interpersonal skills  •  Demonstrated experience with all stages of the Systems Development Life Cycle, particularly testing and business analysis methodologies  •  Experience with production of relevant artifacts, such as business process documents, activity diagrams and required documentation  •  Proficiency in Microsoft tools including advanced knowledge in Excel, Access, Visio and MS-Project (sample output may be requested)  •  Experience using Hewlett Packard’s Quality Center Tool  •  Experience with NYC Government a plus|In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.|05/02/2014 00:00:00
insert|132592|ADMIN FOR CHILDREN'S SVCS|1|Tester  |COMPUTER PROGRAMMER ANALYST|50393|70607|Annual|150 William Street, New York N|Mis Admin,Network Sysms Dvlpmt|Under supervision, with latitude for independent action and the exercise of independent judgment, the IT Tester is responsible to plan, define, document, automate, and execute testing on ACS developed applications and applications involving cross-agency initiatives.  Specific tasks for this position will include:  • Develop test plans, test cases, test scripts and test reports on multiple projects of varying size.   • Execute test cases within identified time frames, within test environments and test data with high degree of accuracy.  • Perform testing and validation on reporting.  • Review functional specification requirements documents to ensure that requirements are testable.  • Document and report system defects to the project team.  •  Identify and communicate business risks relative to testing and implementation for evaluation by project teams.   • Ensure that defects uncovered in the test are recorded, summarized and utilized in post project reviews in an effort to improve the development and test processes.  •  Provide formal status to Test Manager/Project Manager and ensures that work is carried out in accordance with the schedule and testing requirements.  • Provide estimates and feedback to the Testing Manager/Project Manager for project scheduling purposes.   •  Participate in status meetings, staff meeting to share the results of research on testing techniques, process and procedures.|"(1) A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college, including or supplemented by twenty-four (24) semester credits in computer science or a related computer field| or  (2) A four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent plus (3) years of satisfactory fulltime computer programming experience| or  (3) A satisfactory combination of education and experience that is equivalent to (1) or (2) above. College education may be substituted for up to one year of the experience required in (2) above on the basis that sixty (60) semester credits from an accredited college is equated to one year of experience. In addition, twenty-four (24) credits from an accredited college or graduate school in computer science or a related computer field, or a certificate of at least 625 hours in computer programming from an accredited technical school (post high school) may be substituted for one year of experience. However, all candidates who attempt to qualify under option (3) must have at least a four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and at least (1) year of satisfactory full-time computer programming experience.     Some examples of unacceptable experience are: End users of a computer system, program or software package| experience in the areas of end user computer technical support, computer operations, data entry/data retrieval, quality assurance (QA)| end user hardware installation| end user help desk| teaching, telecommunications, experience in Microsoft Office Suite/Back Office products."|"5+ years proven experience of testing complex web-based user interfaces| 5+ years’ experience preparing, documenting, and executing test criteria, test cases, test scripts, and test plans for IT system projects| Thorough knowledge of structured test methods and processes| Previous experience with automated testing tools, such as Quality Center, QTP, Rational Test Suite, Selenium. Experience testing Windows Software Applications/Database applications produced using VB, SQL Server, JAVA, Oracle, or TOAD| Strong oral and written communication skills along with ability to meet deadlines in a dynamic environment."|Section 424-A of the New York Social Services Law requires an authorized agency to inquire whether a candidate for employment with child-caring responsibilities has been the subject of a child abuse and maltreatment report.       The City of New York and the Administration for Children’s Services are Equal Opportunity Employers Committed to Diversity|10/15/2013 00:00:00
insert|132602|ADMIN FOR CHILDREN'S SVCS|1|Documentation and Training Manager|COMPUTER SYSTEMS MANAGER|49492|136198|Annual|150 William Street, New York N|Mis Admin,Network Sysms Dvlpmt|The role of the Training and Documentation Manager is an essential position supporting both the IT and Systems Development areas within MIS.  MIS objective is to provide solutions to maximize the effectiveness of ACS’s processes and operations to support timely delivery of user-oriented and efficient computer services.  The Training and Documentation Manager position provides MIS with resources to ensure that the ACS user community can successfully make the transition to the benefits of the computer service deliverables.  The Training and Documentation Manager establishes and maintains the process for developing user documentation and training.  This task involves consideration of the project requirements, and includes:  •  Plan and coordinate activities related to technical writing and user training  •  Engage Client Relations Managers (CRMs) and Project Manager to determine approach for implementation support deliverables  •  Plan and manage resources  •  Ensure  the writing and training strategies adheres to standards  • Monitor project milestones   •  Report project progress to management team  The Training and Documentation Manager is also tasked with developing strategies to integrate technology into training programs where appropriate, attending project meetings, managing staff time and leave, and preparing performance evaluations and contracts.|"1. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties| or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in ''1'' above| or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in ''1'' above| or  4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to ''1'', ''2'' or ''3'' above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in  ''1'' above.  Qualification Requirements (continued)  NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product| use of word processing packages| use of a hand held calculator| primarily the entering or updating of data in a system| the operation of data processing hardware or consoles."|"5+ years previous training experience in both classroom and auditorium style settings| 5+ years  extensive experience with creating and editing user documents and training materials| strong written and verbal communication skills|strong analytical skills and strong attention to detail| demonstrated experience working with technical and non-technical staff| outstanding collaboration and team building skills| ability to manage multiple tasks under tight deadlines| proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio, Word)| practical experience with RoboHelp , Photoshop, Camtasia Studio)| Knowledge of New York City’s Automated Personnel System (NYCAPS) and the Statewide Training Automated Registration System (STARS)"|Section 424-A of the New York Social Services Law requires an authorized agency to inquire whether a candidate for employment with child-caring responsibilities has been the subject of a child abuse and maltreatment report.      The City of New York and the Administration for Children’s Services are Equal Opportunity Employers Committed to Diversity    *Job Vacancy Notice reposted.  Previous applicants do not need to reapply.|10/29/2013 00:00:00
insert|120749|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|1|Director, Strategic Sourcing|ADMINISTRATIVE PROJECT MANAGER|90000|120000|Annual|59-17 Junction Blvd Corona Ny|Executive Management|"The NYC Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) is one of the nation’s largest water and wastewater utilities, with 5,500 employees providing service to more than 8 million residents of New York City, and more than 1 million residents in Upstate New York.  In order to provide 1 billion gallons per day of world-class drinking water and keep the New York harbor waters clean by treating 1.3 billion gallons per day of wastewater, we purchase up to $200 million per year of chemicals, operating and maintenance services, and biosolids and waste processing.  We are creating a Strategic Sourcing office to transform the way we define and structure our operational needs, analyze the market, and interact with current and potential vendors for the goods and services we buy most frequently.      Reporting to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), the Director of Strategic Sourcing will lead the planning, coordination, development and progress of strategic sourcing with the goal of achieving significant year-over-year reductions in the total cost of ownership (TCO) of goods and services procured while maintaining or improving product quality and vendor service levels by working closely with key stakeholders across the City and DEP to develop effective cost-reduction strategies and implementation plans, institutionalizing strategic sourcing across DEP and being directly responsible for the annual spending in these areas.     Specifically, the Director will:     Oversee the development and execution of strategies through the strategic sourcing process by guide strategic development for major commodities| overseeing the development of annual strategic sourcing plans| and communicating team progress with the CFO and senior business unit leaders.     Oversee the process to select and manage suppliers by driving relevant supplier selection and negotiating processes based on each commodity’s sourcing strategy| and establishing and maintaining relationships with the senior management of key suppliers.     Measure and track internal performance within each spend category by tracking forecasted vs. actual savings and budget impact for the portfolio of commodities and communicate performance| and managing the development of data dashboards.      Monitor strategy implementation by coordinating and communicating overall sourcing trends/ results of commodities to the CFO and business unit leadership.     Drive annual productivity improvements in each spend category by developing and ensuring the implementation of ideas to optimize total cost of ownership for spend categories within the portfolio.     Develop an expertise in the portfolio spend categories by remaining current with market trends through relationships with vendors, experts, and the market broadly.       Identifying/defining sourcing best practices both within and outside of DEP and ensuring that those best practices are widely adopted by DEP's business groups.     Integrate commercial mindset purchasing into core business processes by working actively with key stakeholders in operating business units..     Uphold internal and external policies, regulations and laws by maintaining a working knowledge of applicable laws, regulations and internal policies (e.g., code of ethics) or procedures| and developing and maintaining a close working relationship with DEP Chief Contracting Officer and citywide purchasing personnel."|"1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college in engineering, architecture, landscape architecture, business administration, or public administration, and five years of full-time satisfactory experience in the planning, administering or expediting of engineering design, and/or construction, or coordinating a very large engineering project, two years of which must have been in an administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory capacity| or  2. A four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and nine years of experience as described in ''1'' above| two years of which must have been in an administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory capacity| or  3. Education and/or experience equivalent to ''1'' or ''2'' above. An accredited Master's degree in one of the disciplines described in ''1'' above, a law degree, or a valid New York State license as a Professional Engineer or Registered Architect or Landscape Architect may be substituted for one year of the required experience. However, all candidates must have the two years of the administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in ''1'' above."|"-  An MBA or other graduate degree potentially acceptable  -  Five plus years track record in a procurement organization  -  Applicable certifications  -  experience with/insights to assigned commodities (chemicals, services, and/or biosolids and waste)  -  Strategic ability to develop high-impact sourcing strategies   -  Proven thought leadership in previous roles  -  Proven analytical skills and use of those skills to define, understand and work through the   most critical issues   -  Strong negotiating skills   -  Thorough understanding of sales/marketing practices   -  Ability to develop actionable recommendations and implementation plans   -  Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)   -  Strong supplier relationship skills. Continuously, but constructively, demanding performance of suppliers   -  Outstanding cross-functional leadership skills| proven track record of being viewed as   credible by partner business units   -  Willingness to “constructively dissent” and challenge senior management thinking on key   purchasing issues   -  Ability to get buy-in and commitment from both internal and external stakeholders"| |05/24/2013 00:00:00
insert|120851|DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE|2|Datastage ETL Developer|COMPUTER SYSTEMS MANAGER|54740|120000|Annual|59 Maiden Lane|Res-Pass Team|The Finance Information Technology / Res-Pass Team seeks two (2) dynamic Datastage ETL Developers that will be responsible for developing ETL projects from simple to complex in nature, provide direction to other ETL developers and assist in overseeing day to day operations.      Specific hands-on responsibilities will include:    • Develop source–to–target mapping specifications.  • Write datastage code to Extract, Transform, and Load tax return data to various DB2 target tables.   • Analyze source data from IRS, NYC, NYS and load to staging tables.  • Interface with users to resolve data issues.   • Ability to work independently in short time frames and have application migration experience is crucial.   • Position also requires performing production support|"1. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties| or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in ''1'' above| or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in ''1'' above| or  4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to ''1'', ''2'' or ''3'' above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in  ''1'' above.  Qualification Requirements (continued)  NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product| use of word processing packages| use of a hand held calculator| primarily the entering or updating of data in a system| the operation of data processing hardware or consoles."|• Position requires strong IBM DB2 8.x and higher database knowledge.    • Must have strong experience with database partitioning and federation.   • Proficient in building staging environments, data warehouses and data marts.   • Effective communications with all levels of internal and external Clients and Staff is required.   • 5 + years experience with IBM InfoSphere DataStage 8.x and higher and QualityStage, developing both Server and Parallel jobs running on: AIX/UNIX/LINUX platforms.  • Informatica or Data Integrator experience will be taken into consideration.  • 3–5 years of ETL Architecture / Lead ETL design experience.  • 5+ years of experience with data analysis, data integration, and database design and development.  • Excellent verbal and written communications skills required.   • Experience in Korn and Unix shell scripting, using complex SQL and Data Warehouse processing.   • Knowledge of SAS, Erwin, JAVA, C, C++, XML is a plus.|In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form|08/13/2013 00:00:00
insert|132622|DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS|2|Low Pressure Boiler Inspector|INSPECTOR (LOW PRESSURE BOILER|42007|51936|Annual|280 Broadway, 4th Floor, N.Y.|Construction Safety/Boilers|The selected candidate will be responsible for the following:  •  Performing work in the inspection of the condition, design, operation, and installation of steam boilers and other pressure vessels for conformity with pertinent laws and regulations and to ensure safe operations of low pressure boilers.  •  Instructing newly assigned boiler inspectors in their duties.  •  Performing inspections on applications.  •  Responding to complaints and performing audit or self-certified inspection submission and request to void boiler records.  •  Following up on violations issued and complaints made by the public.  • Maintaining records and making reports.  •  Operating a motor vehicle in the performance of assigned duties.  • Obtain New York State Certificate of Competence within 2 years.    Candidates must pass a drug screening in order to be appointed.|"1. Three years of full-time, satisfactory experience as a boiler maker| a high pressure plant operator| an inspector, installer and/or repairer of low pressure boilers| or an operator or maintainer of boilers under the supervision of a licensed High Pressure Boiler Operating Engineer| or   2. Two years of experience as described in ''1'' above, in addition to 1 year of education in an accredited college leading toward a baccalaureate degree in Mechanical Engineering or Engineering Technology| or   3. Completion of a three year apprenticeship in low pressure boiler inspection.     License Requirement:   1. A Motor Vehicle Driver's License valid in the State of New York.    NOTE: At the time of appointment, candidates must qualify for appointment as Special Patrolmen.  This includes a requirement that a candidate be a United States Citizen and be of good moral character."| |A valid New York State Department of Motor Vehicles Driver’s License maintained for the duration of employment.    At the time of appointment, all candidates residing in New York City must apply to receive Special Patrolman Status.|10/07/2013 00:00:00
insert|132714|DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE|1|Senior Business Analyst|COMPUTER SYSTEMS MANAGER|54740|100000|Annual|210 Joralemon St., Brooklyn|NYCServ|The Finance Information and Technology (FIT) Division is seeking a detail-oriented, self-motivated and proactive individual to serve as a Senior Business Analyst.  The candidate will be actively involved in all aspects of the development and support of project life cycles, performing hands-on analysis for current and planned projects within the Finance IT department.    Responsibilities:     The selected candidate will perform and coordinate business analysis activities for multiple projects, initiate and convene business user meetings, gather business requirements, develop, verify, and document functional and technical specifications, and liaise with the business community and development teams including:    -  Participate or lead requirements gathering activities with representatives from appropriate business operational units, other application support teams, and external agencies and vendors.    -  Research, analyze, and document business requirements.   Develop high quality analysis work products such as business and activity diagrams and data flows, process flow diagrams, business requirements specifications, functional and technical specifications, traceability matrices, etc.    -  Investigate, document, and propose recommendations for resolution of business and software issues.    -  Plan, manage, and provide regular status updates for production issue resolution and development projects that may involve other application support teams, business operational units, and external government or private sector entities.    -  Assist in the selection or creation of Quality Assurance test scenarios that exercise identified business requirements, create Release Notes and/or User Guides.    -  Develop and grow into SME role, gaining technical and institutional knowledge of the operational processes and workflows of the application area.    Management  responsibilities include but are not limited to:    -  Provide supervision and guidance as well as tactical management to business analysis staff as requested    - Refine and maintain business analysis standards within the FIT department.  Produce documentation, guidance, and metrics on the practice of business analysis.|"1. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties| or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in ''1'' above| or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in ''1'' above| or  4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to ''1'', ''2'' or ''3'' above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in  ''1'' above.  Qualification Requirements (continued)  NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product| use of word processing packages| use of a hand held calculator| primarily the entering or updating of data in a system| the operation of data processing hardware or consoles."|"Preferred candidates will have:     Five plus (5+) years of working experience as a Business Analyst (technical background is a plus).      Two plus (2+) years of working experience in Project Management.    Experience using project management tools such as Microsoft Project.    Experience using Microsoft office tools including, Outlook, Visio, PowerPoint, Word, and Excel.    Demonstrated ability to lead and/or conduct the requirements gathering phase of the software development life cycle.    Interviewing skills| the ability to communicate with individuals and groups across all organizational levels to elicit required relevant information.    Analytical skills| to critically evaluate information gathered from various sources and effectively translating to technical requirements or business functional specifications, depending on the target audience.    Excellent communication skills, oral and written, that effectively convey information clearly and concisely to different target audiences, including business operations, line staff, management, executive levels, and application development staff.     Experience with business process re-engineering, technical solutions, and creation of process diagrams and related materials.    Prior experience working within local government is a plus."|In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.|08/19/2014 00:00:00
delete_all|id|120851
dump
