clear
insert|162249|DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE|2|College Aide, IC (1st Year Graduate), World Trade Center Health Registry|COLLEGE AIDE (ALL CITY DEPTS)|9|12|Hourly|42-09 28th Street|World Trde Centr Hlth Registry|The World Trade Center Health Registry (WTCHR) was developed as a public health response to document and evaluate the physical and mental health impact of the September 11th, 2001 disaster on a large, diverse population of exposed persons. The  WTCHR provides a means for long-term follow-up of the 71,000 people who have volunteered to participate in the Registry. The World Trade Center Health Registry in the Division of Epidemiology, is seeking (2) two college aides to assist with intake and  processing of data for a health survey designed to assess the long-term effects of 9/11 exposure on enrollees.    DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO:    --Review of incoming surveys for issues requiring follow-up, Manage survey intake using bar-code tracking system.    -- Performing data entry of selected responses.    -- Preparing survey forms for scanning and scanning survey forms.    -- Scanning survey data into OCR software.    -- Peforming other quality-control procedures, and batching and filing survey documents, Medical chart review under the close supervision of project manager Data recoding and data quality assurance activities.    -- Conducting outreach phone calls and visits.    -- Other tasks related to data preparation, data analysis and general program needs|For Assignment Level I:  Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school.  For Assignment Level II (Information Technology):  Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school with a specific course of study in information technology, computer science, management information systems, data processing, or closely related field, including or supplemented by 9 semester credits in an acceptable course of study.  For Assignment Level III (Information Technology Fellow):  Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school with a specific course of study in information technology, computer science, management information systems, data processing, or other area relevant to the information technology project(s) assigned, including or supplemented by 9 semester credits in an acceptable course of study. Appointments to this Assignment Level will be made by the Technology Steering Committee through the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications.    SPECIAL NOTE  Maximum tenure for all Assignment Levels in the title of College Aide is 6 years. No student shall be employed more than half-time in any week in which classes in which the student is enrolled are in session. Students may be employed full-time during their vacation periods.|Excellent communication skills; highly organized; able to work well as a part of a team, as well as independently; willingness to ask questions when in doubt; commitment to work responsibly with confidential data; data entry and working knowledge of spreadsheets, including Microsoft Excel. Candidate should be highly organized with the ability to work well independently, perform data analyses and conduct literature reviews.| |08/18/2014 00:00:00
insert|151700|DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE|1|Office Assistant/College Aide (Jr-Sr), Bureau of Budget and Revenue|COLLEGE AIDE (ALL CITY DEPTS)|8|10|Hourly|42-09 28th Street|Fed-St-Other Cat Claims & Revs|The Bureau of Budget and Revenue within the Division of Finance seeks a College Aide.    DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO:    --  Provide general administrative support to the Senior Director and staff.    -- Develop and maintain spreadsheets, tracking reports and filing systems.    -- Compile meeting materials and perform research and data collection functions.    -- Assist with special projects as necessary.|For Assignment Level I:  Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school.  For Assignment Level II (Information Technology):  Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school with a specific course of study in information technology, computer science, management information systems, data processing, or closely related field, including or supplemented by 9 semester credits in an acceptable course of study.  For Assignment Level III (Information Technology Fellow):  Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school with a specific course of study in information technology, computer science, management information systems, data processing, or other area relevant to the information technology project(s) assigned, including or supplemented by 9 semester credits in an acceptable course of study. Appointments to this Assignment Level will be made by the Technology Steering Committee through the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications.    SPECIAL NOTE  Maximum tenure for all Assignment Levels in the title of College Aide is 6 years. No student shall be employed more than half-time in any week in which classes in which the student is enrolled are in session. Students may be employed full-time during their vacation periods.| | |06/05/2014 00:00:00
insert|155882|HRA/DEPT OF SOCIAL SERVICES|2|Assistant Project Manager|ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF ANALYST (|56937|88649|Annual|180 Water Street|Administrator/Commissioner-NM|In support of the Mayor’s progressive agenda to ensure a diverse and effective administration that delivers for the residents of New York City, the Human Resources Administration is seeking two (2) experienced candidates to serve as Assistant Project Manager for the Office of Strategic and Management Planning.    Working under direction of the Deputy Commissioner for Strategic and Management Planning, with wide latitude for the exercise of independent judgment and initiative, the Assistant Project Manager coordinates ongoing efforts to explore new initiatives and ensures that current programs and policies support the Agency’s mission to fight poverty and homelessness and eradicate barriers that prevent accessibility to the services and benefits that HRA provides. The Assistant Project Manager plays a key role in the planning, implementation, monitoring and evaluation of proposed policy initiatives to achieve these goals and better assist families and individuals with basic and special socio-economic needs.    The Assistant Project Manager will:    • Develop schedules for project completion; review project schedules with senior      management; determine project objectives and performance measures.     • Provide research and analytical support at all project phases, including planning, design,      development, budget, and testing of programs and policy; ensure programmatic and policy      issues are identified, tracked, reported on and resolved in a timely manner to improve      agency performance.    • Communicate project standards; assist in management of project deadlines and      schedules using Gantt charts and other similar tools.    • Design and conduct research to support the redesign and development of the agency's      programs and policy initiatives; develop performance measurement systems and client      service tracking tools to maximize service effectiveness.    • Conduct statistical analysis, develop data collection tools, and produce related reports that      will ensure that State and Federal mandates are being met; prepare comprehensive      reports on findings and makes recommendations, including policy options; create and      implement action plans.    • Achieve operational objectives by contributing information and recommendations to      strategic plans and reviews; provide valuable information and statistics used in policy      formation, program development, and performance monitoring.    • Participate in researching and expanding the data analysis, reporting and performance      measurement systems of the Human Resources Administration (HRA); utilize both      program and administrative data to develop report indicators that measure administrative      efficiencies and program outcomes.    • Research and understand the data and measurement needs of program areas to      effectively manage their programs and plan strategies for improvement.|1. A master's degree from an accredited college in economics, finance, accounting, business or public administration, human resources management, management science, operations research, organizational behavior, industrial psychology, statistics, personnel administration, labor relations, psychology, sociology, human resources development, political science, urban studies or a closely related field, and two years of satisfactory full-time professional experience in one or a combination of the following: working with the budget of a large public or private concern in budget administration, accounting, economic or financial administration, or fiscal or economic research; in management or methods analysis, operations research, organizational research or program evaluation; in personnel or public administration, recruitment, position classification, personnel relations, employee benefits, staff development, employment program planning/administration, labor market research, economic planning, social services program planning/evaluation, or fiscal management; or in a related area. 18 months of this experience must have been in an executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory capacity. Supervision must have included supervising staff performing professional work in the areas described above; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of professional experience in the areas described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience, as described in ''1'' above.|• Excellent organizational, facilitation, planning, and project management abilities.    • The ability to help ensure clear visibility to critical issues, provide corrective action plans and      manage communications accordingly.    • Quality program and policy design experience from conception to implementation.    • Must possess structured problem-solving techniques and solid decision-making skills.    • Exceptional public relations and communication skills.     • Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to report and present data using Excel,      graphs, charts, and other similar tools.| |07/17/2014 00:00:00
insert|145138|DEPT OF INFO TECH & TELECOMM|1|ECTP Integration Architect Lead|COMPUTER SYSTEMS MANAGER|49492|130000|Annual|15 Metrotech|ECTP|DoITT provides for the sustained, efficient and effective delivery of IT services, infrastructure and telecommunications to enhance service delivery to New York City's residents, businesses, employees and visitors. As the City's technology leader, DoITT is responsible for maintaining the foundational IT infrastructure and systems that touch every aspect of City life from public safety to human services, from education to economic development crossing the full spectrum of governmental operations.  The successful candidate will serve as an Integration Architect Lead reporting to the Office of Citywide Emergency Communications (OCEC) working primarily on the City’s Emergency Communications Transformation Program (ECTP). Responsibilities will include: Manage the development, maintenance and communications of the integration strategy for the ECTP System; oversee the Systems Integrator (SI) in their development and adherence to integration standards and guidelines throughout the lifecycle of the program; oversee the SI’s design, manage both staff and consultants responsible for integration; development and documentation of an integrated system architecture; manage application, service and component communication requirements; design integration architecture for security, performance, scalability and fault-tolerance requirements; manage testing requirements and test case evaluations; manage and develop capacity plans and guidelines, in conjunction with infrastructure, to ensure SLA of integration components; identify integration risks, devise mitigation plans and participate in POC execution; oversee and conduct product evaluation, including new releases and new products, as they impact the integration architecture; maintain knowledge of industry standards and best practices as they relate to integration architecture; manage the establishment of standards and guidelines for application monitoring and policies for integration architecture components, in conjunction with infrastructure/network architecture; oversee architecture reviews; recommend corrective actions; prepare senior level technical reports for executive management; and manage special Integration Architecture initiatives and projects as assigned. The position's responsibilities include commitment to and compliance with the City's EEO policy.|1. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in ''1'' above; or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in ''1'' above; or  4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to ''1'', ''2'' or ''3'' above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in  ''1'' above.  Qualification Requirements (continued)  NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles.|The preferred candidate should possess the following: 6+ years experience with implementing large-scale communications infrastructure and technological outfitting projects from inception to completion, including facility design and requirements, data center design and layout and installation and integration of technology; 5+ years’ experience designing architectures using architecture integration patterns and service-oriented integration; extensive experience in messaging design and implementation; experience in large-scale integration efforts involving multiple technologies, end-user agencies and/or contractors; ability to design a strategy around a defined application or process; strong written and oral communication skills as well as presentation and facilitation skills; organization, creativity, flexibility, and the ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously under tight deadlines; background in Public Safety technology; a clear understanding of the systems development lifecycle, challenges and prospective delays and experience resolving such issues; familiarity with Zachman FEAF, TOGAF and the DOD (Department of Defense) architecture frameworks; familiarity with software engineering methodologies and processes such as RUP, Waterfall and Agile; and ability to interface with executive level management and give senior level presentations.| |03/17/2014 00:00:00
insert|135826|HOUSING PRESERVATION & DVLPMNT|1|Technical Leader|COMPUTER SPECIALIST (SOFTWARE)|83388|115470|Annual|100 Gold Street|Technology & Strategic Develop|The Technical Leader will supervise Developers. The Technical Leader will review and approve requirements documents which define what functions software applications must deliver. The Technical  continually monitors development work to insure quality and conformance to enterprise architectures and standards.      The Technical Leader will report to the Senior Director of Application Development & Support.      THIS IS A GRANT-FUNDED POSITION. THE ANTICIPATED END DATE IS JUNE 30, 2015.|(1) A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college, including or supplemented by twenty-four (24) semester credits in computer science or a related computer field and two (2) years of satisfactory full-time software experience in designing, programming, debugging, maintaining, implementing, and enhancing computer software applications, systems programming, systems analysis and design, data communication software, or database design and programming, including one year in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project; or  (2) A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and six (6) years of full-time satisfactory software experience as described in “1'' above, including one year in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project; or  (3) A satisfactory combination of education and experience that is equivalent to (1) or (2) above. College education may be substituted for up to two years of the required experience in (2) above on the basis that sixty (60) semester credits from an accredited college is equated to one year of experience. A masters degree in computer science or a related computer field may be substituted for one year of the required experience in (1) or (2) above. However, all candidates must have a four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent, plus at least one (1) year of satisfactory full-time software experience in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project.  NOTE: In order to have your experience accepted as Project Leader or Major Contributor experience, you must explain in detail how your experience qualifies you as a project leader or as a major contributor. Experience in computer operations, technical support, quality assurance (QA), hardware installation, help desk, or as an end user will not be accepted for meeting the minimum qualification  requirements.  Special Note  To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level IV, in addition to the Qualification Requirements stated above, individuals must have one year of satisfactory experience in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project in data administration, database management systems, operating systems, data communications systems, capacity planning, and/or on-line applications programming.|• Experience in at least two of four disciplines supporting application development/integration: business analysis, applications/systems engineering, data/information architecture and technical architectures.  • Familiar with ASP, .NET, Web services, XML, XSL, XSLT & SOAP, C#, JAVA, Java Script, C, VBSCRIPT, Functional knowledge of HTML, JavaScript and SQL, Object Oriented coding methods (especially PowerBuilder), Database Administration, Server Administration  •Minimum eight year’s hands-on web-based application development experience.  •MCTS, MCSD or MCAD certification  •Hands-on experience with relational database design and implementation.  •Excellent verbal and written communication skills.| |11/25/2013 00:00:00
insert|152785|DEPT OF INFO TECH & TELECOMM|1|Automation Engineer for Provisioning and Patching|COMPUTER SPECIALIST (SOFTWARE)|77733|98000|Annual|2 Metro Tech 4Th Flr, Rm 418|IT Svcs/IT Service Mgmt|DoITT provides for the sustained, efficient and effective delivery of IT services, infrastructure and telecommunications to enhance service delivery to New York City's residents, businesses, employees and visitors. As the City's technology leader, DoITT is responsible for maintaining the foundational IT infrastructure and systems that touch every aspect of City life from public safety to human services, from education to economic development crossing the full spectrum of governmental operations.  The successful candidate will serve as an Automation Engineer for Provisioning and Patching reporting to the IT Services Division. Responsibilities will include: Install and configure the BMC BladeLogic tools; provide hands-on development and implementation of the suite; perform installing and tuning of BCAN, BCAC, BCAS, and ADDM; ensure the provision and patching are done successfully working with the operation teams; oversee Bladelogic software upgrades, application customization, administration and deployment; oversee the analysis and resolution of software issues; provide technical assistance with the Bladelogic systems to provide a highly available and highly reliable solution; prepare senior level technical reports for clients and executive management; and oversee special technology projects and initiatives as assigned.|(1) A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college, including or supplemented by twenty-four (24) semester credits in computer science or a related computer field and two (2) years of satisfactory full-time software experience in designing, programming, debugging, maintaining, implementing, and enhancing computer software applications, systems programming, systems analysis and design, data communication software, or database design and programming, including one year in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project; or  (2) A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and six (6) years of full-time satisfactory software experience as described in “1'' above, including one year in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project; or  (3) A satisfactory combination of education and experience that is equivalent to (1) or (2) above. College education may be substituted for up to two years of the required experience in (2) above on the basis that sixty (60) semester credits from an accredited college is equated to one year of experience. A masters degree in computer science or a related computer field may be substituted for one year of the required experience in (1) or (2) above. However, all candidates must have a four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent, plus at least one (1) year of satisfactory full-time software experience in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project.  NOTE: In order to have your experience accepted as Project Leader or Major Contributor experience, you must explain in detail how your experience qualifies you as a project leader or as a major contributor. Experience in computer operations, technical support, quality assurance (QA), hardware installation, help desk, or as an end user will not be accepted for meeting the minimum qualification  requirements.  Special Note  To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level IV, in addition to the Qualification Requirements stated above, individuals must have one year of satisfactory experience in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project in data administration, database management systems, operating systems, data communications systems, capacity planning, and/or on-line applications programming.|The preferred candidate should possess the following: A Bachelor’s degree in a related IT field; 4+ years of technical knowledge of the BMC Bladelogic suite of products; in-depth knowledge of BMC Bladelogic for server, network and desktop; knowledge of modules including BBNA, BBCA, ADDM, BBSA; good understanding of the implementation, configuration and execution of BSA; experience in BSA “file deploy” jobs; experience with Bladelogic error logs to look for different error conditions to trouble shoot, practical Unix, Linux, Windows engineering experience; experience creating Bladelogic BSA “smart groups”; ability to analyze failed script jobs for patching and provisioning ; 4+ years of responsible experience managing IT systems, and/or networks; ability to manage multiple tasks under tight deadlines; and the ability to interface with executive level management and operation engineers.| |06/25/2014 00:00:00
insert|149343|DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE|1|Director of Operations, Bureau of Chronic Disease Prevention and Tobacco|HEALTH SERVICES MANAGER|54740|146276|Annual|42-09 28th Street|Chronic Disease Prevention|The Bureau of Chronic Disease Prevention and Tobacco Control spearheads programs and initiatives to reduce the burden of chronic diseases by addressing underlying risk factors, such as poor nutrition, physical inactivity and tobacco use.  The Bureau, which is part of the Division of Health Promotion and Disease Prevention, achieves its goals through implementing neighborhood and population-level programs with an emphasis on policy, systems and environmental changes, especially those that promote healthy choices.    The Bureau is seeking a capable, experienced and energetic individual to serve as Director of the Operations unit which is comprised of Administration and Strategic Planning and Development. Under the supervision of the Bureau’s Assistant Commissioner, the Director of the Operations unit will oversee administration, reporting, and grant management for the Bureau. Key functions include identifying and securing new funding opportunities, overseeing the Bureau’s $16 million City Tax Levy  (CTL) budget and existing grants include the $8.4 million Community Transformation Grant (CTG), providing guidance and technical assistance to a new community coalition funded by CTG, long-term goal and strategic planning, overseeing internal and external reporting, and professional development for the Bureau.    Specific responsibilities include:    --	Oversee the activities of the Administration and Strategic Planning staff including budgeting, contracting, developing and implementation of  long-range goals and planning.    --	Coordinate with other Bureau units to develop strategies on budgeting, personnel, contracting and grant management to ensure achievement of Bureau goals.    --	Leading efforts to identify and secure funding for Bureau priority activities,establish and maintain relationships with grant funders and ensure close collaboration and coordination with external partners that support and inform the work of the program.     --	Provide administrative and fiscal oversight and evaluation of the $8.4 million Community Transformation Grant including budgeting, contracting, procurement, and financial reporting.     --	Provide guidance and technical assistance to the community coalition, The Partnership for a Healthier New York City.     --	Oversee cross-bureau collaborative efforts and bureau professional development.    --	Contribute to the overall vision and direction of the Bureau as a member of the leadership team.|1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and five years of full-time professional satisfactory experience acquired within the last fifteen years, in a health services setting such as a laboratory, hospital, or other patient care facility, or in a public health, environmental health, or mental hygiene program, at least 18 months of which must have been in a managerial capacity, consisting of managerial experience clearly demonstrating the ability to perform difficult and responsible managerial work, requiring independent decision-making concerning program management, planning, allocation of resources, and the scheduling and assignment of work     2. Education and/or experience equivalent to ''1'' above. Education may be substituted for experience on the basis that each 30 graduate semester credits from an accredited college in hospital administration, public health, public administration, business administration, management or administration can be substituted for one year of non-managerial experience up to a maximum of 60 semester credits for two years. However, all candidates must have a minimum of a baccalaureate degree and 18 months of managerial experience as described in ''1'' above.|Grant management experience, particular working with federal grants; familiarity with DOHMH administrative, personnel and/or budget processes; superior writing skills and the ability to communicate effectively; experience managing and coordinating complex projects; excellent attention to detail, organizational skills, and follow through; ability to be work independently, be flexible, and handle changing workload with multiple projects and changing priorities; willingness to take initiative within assigned responsibilities; familiarity and a desire to work on a team; knowledge and experience working on CTG issue areas, including healthy eating, active living, tobacco, clinical preventive services, alcohol, and breastfeeding; expertise in Microsoft Office programs (Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint).| |04/16/2014 00:00:00
insert|134268|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|1|Engineer In Charge of Pumping|ADMINISTRATIVE ENGINEER|49492|136198|Annual|96-05 Horace Harding Expway|System Operations Management|The selected candidate will serve as Engineer-in-Charge of Pumping and will be responsible for the management, operation and maintenance of the Bureau’s in-city pumping operations and facilities for the Division of Distribution Operations; provide technical expertise, direction and supervision to a staff engaged in all aspects of pumping operations, including maintaining designated discharge and providing an uninterrupted supply of pumped water to the distribution system; direct emergency pumping operations in order to achieve rapid response to alleviate and correct the situation and to minimize any impact on the system; manage facilities in compliance with health and safety rules and regulations; prepare repair contracts and purchase requisitions and maintain acceptable level of inventory; and conduct complex engineering studies and prepare in-depth analysis and detailed reports.|A valid New York State License as a Professional Engineer is required. In addition, candidates must have six (6) years of full-time paid experience in civil, mechanical, electrical, chemical or air pollution control engineering work, at least two (2) years of which shall have been as an administrative engineer.| |Appointments are subject to OMB approval.  For additional information about DEP, visit www.nyc.gov/dep|11/06/2013 00:00:00
insert|153216|DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE|1|Budget Coordinator, Bureau of the Public Health Laboratory|ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF ANALYST (|56937|88649|Annual|455 First Ave., N.Y.|PHL Technical Affairs|The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYC DOHMH), Public Health Laboratory (PHL) is seeking to hire a qualified candidate to serve as a Budget Coordinator. The mission of the PHL is to safeguard the health of New York City residents by providing quality laboratory testing services that address the needs of the NYC DOHMH and its community partners to prevent and respond to clinical and environmental public health concerns. This is an excellent opportunity to join our team and continue to  make history at the world’s first municipal public health laboratory.    DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO:    --  Preparing monthly budget reports to provide managers with valuable decision-making information that is accurate.    -- Preparing and monitoring budget modifications, journal entries, monthly variance reports, and quarterly spending plans.    --Assisting in OMB exercises concerning budget development including PEGs, New Needs, and Capital Requests, initiating, reviewing, monitoring and expedite fiscal requests to ensure compliance with approved financial plans and maximize bureau budget resources.    -- Supporting and advising senior management and section managers in all aspects of budget matters.    -- Analyzing and collect data on bureau expenditures, tracking and assessing spending rates, Performing other budget analyses and special projects as needed.|1. A master's degree from an accredited college in economics, finance, accounting, business or public administration, human resources management, management science, operations research, organizational behavior, industrial psychology, statistics, personnel administration, labor relations, psychology, sociology, human resources development, political science, urban studies or a closely related field, and two years of satisfactory full-time professional experience in one or a combination of the following: working with the budget of a large public or private concern in budget administration, accounting, economic or financial administration, or fiscal or economic research; in management or methods analysis, operations research, organizational research or program evaluation; in personnel or public administration, recruitment, position classification, personnel relations, employee benefits, staff development, employment program planning/administration, labor market research, economic planning, social services program planning/evaluation, or fiscal management; or in a related area. 18 months of this experience must have been in an executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory capacity. Supervision must have included supervising staff performing professional work in the areas described above; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of professional experience in the areas described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience, as described in ''1'' above.|Experience working on budgets within the city structure Excellent written and verbal communication skills.| |07/02/2014 00:00:00
insert|117070|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|1|Engineering and Technical Services Assistant Engineer|CIVIL ENGINEERING INTERN|43349|52496|Annual|7870 State Rd 42 Grahamsville,|Rondout Neversink Sec Del Up|Working within the Wastewater Operations Division (WWOD), under direct supervision, the candidate will serve as a Civil Engineer Intern. The Candidate will provide direct support to the Deputy Chief of Operations and/or the Technical Adviser for Process, and /or Deputy Chief of Technical Maintenance.  Under direction, will assist in collection system maintenance and management, Watershed Lands Information System (WaLIS) data entry, verification, and data structuring, field data acquisition, copying, indexing and keeping records of design and as built drawings and specifications: participate in project management of Wastewater Plant Upgrades, Job Order contracts, capital construction of energy conservation measures, and capital replacement projects: review of plans, specifications, attend progress meetings, and coordinate execution of capital projects and Job Order contracts (JOC) of moderate difficulty and complexity.  This will include meeting with consultants and contractors, research and submission of historical data/drawings/plans and other information, as well as assistance in the following: preparation and coordination for permits, inspections of projects, and completion of inspection reports and submission of payment packages and other related paperwork as required: perform minor designs of wastewater treatment or collections systems repair or improvement, and development of various Standard Operating Procedures: use a computer to integrate field information into updates of existing reports and databases,  including research of internet, traditional media, and phone calls: prepare reports, stressing any significant problems, and contribute to plans for resolution of those problems. Will be responsible for adhering to and complying with all environmental, health and safety laws, Agency policies, rules, and regulations.|A baccalaureate degree in civil engineering from an accredited college. A degree in civil engineering technology is not acceptable.| |Appointments are subject to OMB Approval.|02/19/2013 00:00:00
insert|137301|DEPARTMENT OF BUILDINGS|20|Plumbing Inspector|INSPECTOR (PLUMBING)|45162|51936|Annual|280 Broadway, 6th Floor, N.Y.|Citywide|Under the direction of the Plumbing Chief Inspector, and/or the Assistant Plumbing Chief Inspector, the selected candidate will be responsible for the following:  Inspecting installations and repairs of plumbing, gas and fire suppression systems (including sprinkler and standpipe) to ensure adherence to codes, standards, approved plans and specifications.  This includes underground, roughing-in, finish, equipment, fixtures, components, fire pumps and house connections and appurtenances.    Witnessing tests on drainage, water, air, gas, sprinkler, standpipe and fire pump violations of the plumbing or fire suppression codes, or illegal practices.  Reviewing plans of proposed installations for compliance with code requirements and all departmental rules and regulations.  Issuing violations and summonses for non-compliance.  Representing the agency in court.  Researching and preparing pertinent information prior to court appearances and providing expert testimony.  Preparing reports of inspections and route sheets.   Researching, interpreting and implementing agency rules and regulations.   Assisting members of the public, other agencies, licensed professionals and others by telephone and in-person inquiries.  Responding to emergencies and performing related tasks as assigned by Chief Inspector.    Minimum salary-$51,936  Candidates must successfully pass a drug screening to be apponted.|1. Five years of full-time satisfactory mechanical experience as a plumber in the installation of plumbing systems; or  2. Three years of full-time satisfactory experience as described in “1'' above plus two years of education in an accredited college, technical school or trade school in a program, with an emphasis on plumbing; or  3. Satisfactory completion of the three-year apprenticeship plumbing inspection program approved by the Commissioner of Buildings and the Commissioner of the Department of Citywide Administrative Services and either two years of full-time satisfactory experience as described in “1'' above or two years of education as described in “2'' above; or  4. A license as a professional engineer or architect valid in the State of New York.|Experience in design or training of Plumbing and Fire Sprinkler/Standpipe systems.  Extensive use of desktop and portable computers with custom programs.  Excellent communication, organizational and writing skills.|A valid New York State Department of Motor Vehicles Driver’s License maintained for the duration of employment.  At the time of appointment, all candidates residing in New York City must apply to receive Special Patrolman status.|12/09/2013 00:00:00
insert|156101|HOUSING PRESERVATION & DVLPMNT|5|Agency Attorney L-3|AGENCY ATTORNEY|66970|98864|Annual|100 Gold Street|Contracts & Real Estate Divisi|The candidates will perform difficult and complex legal work having significant financial, procedural, and policy consequences. Perform closings of conveyances of city owned property, construction loans, and/or permanent loans.  Prepare and/or review complex legal documents related to real estate transactions, contracts and governmental approvals.  Negotiate difficult and complex issues, transactions, and documents.  Analyze federal, state and local statutes and regulations.  Handle other complex legal issues pertaining to the implementation of housing programs.|1. Admission to the New York State Bar; and either ''2'' or ''3'' below.  2. One year of satisfactory United States legal experience subsequent to admission to any state bar; or   3. Six months of satisfactory service as an Agency Attorney Interne (30086).    Incumbents must remain Members of the New York State Bar in good standing for the duration of this employment.  In addition to meeting the minimum Qualification Requirements:  To be assigned to Assignment Level (AL) II, candidates must have one year of experience at Assignment Level I or two years of comparable legal experience subsequent to admission to the bar, in the areas of law related to the assignment. To be assigned to AL III candidates must have two years of experience in Assignment Levels I and/or II or three years of comparable legal experience subsequent to admission to the bar, in the areas of law related to the assignment.|Significant preference will be given to candidates with experience in transactional real estate.| |07/18/2014 00:00:00
insert|145138|DEPT OF INFO TECH & TELECOMM|1|ECTP Integration Architect Lead|COMPUTER SYSTEMS MANAGER|49492|130000|Annual|15 Metrotech|ECTP|DoITT provides for the sustained, efficient and effective delivery of IT services, infrastructure and telecommunications to enhance service delivery to New York City's residents, businesses, employees and visitors. As the City's technology leader, DoITT is responsible for maintaining the foundational IT infrastructure and systems that touch every aspect of City life from public safety to human services, from education to economic development crossing the full spectrum of governmental operations.  The successful candidate will serve as an Integration Architect Lead reporting to the Office of Citywide Emergency Communications (OCEC) working primarily on the City’s Emergency Communications Transformation Program (ECTP). Responsibilities will include: Manage the development, maintenance and communications of the integration strategy for the ECTP System; oversee the Systems Integrator (SI) in their development and adherence to integration standards and guidelines throughout the lifecycle of the program; oversee the SI’s design, manage both staff and consultants responsible for integration; development and documentation of an integrated system architecture; manage application, service and component communication requirements; design integration architecture for security, performance, scalability and fault-tolerance requirements; manage testing requirements and test case evaluations; manage and develop capacity plans and guidelines, in conjunction with infrastructure, to ensure SLA of integration components; identify integration risks, devise mitigation plans and participate in POC execution; oversee and conduct product evaluation, including new releases and new products, as they impact the integration architecture; maintain knowledge of industry standards and best practices as they relate to integration architecture; manage the establishment of standards and guidelines for application monitoring and policies for integration architecture components, in conjunction with infrastructure/network architecture; oversee architecture reviews; recommend corrective actions; prepare senior level technical reports for executive management; and manage special Integration Architecture initiatives and projects as assigned. The position's responsibilities include commitment to and compliance with the City's EEO policy.|1. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in ''1'' above; or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in ''1'' above; or  4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to ''1'', ''2'' or ''3'' above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in  ''1'' above.  Qualification Requirements (continued)  NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles.|The preferred candidate should possess the following: 6+ years experience with implementing large-scale communications infrastructure and technological outfitting projects from inception to completion, including facility design and requirements, data center design and layout and installation and integration of technology; 5+ years’ experience designing architectures using architecture integration patterns and service-oriented integration; extensive experience in messaging design and implementation; experience in large-scale integration efforts involving multiple technologies, end-user agencies and/or contractors; ability to design a strategy around a defined application or process; strong written and oral communication skills as well as presentation and facilitation skills; organization, creativity, flexibility, and the ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously under tight deadlines; background in Public Safety technology; a clear understanding of the systems development lifecycle, challenges and prospective delays and experience resolving such issues; familiarity with Zachman FEAF, TOGAF and the DOD (Department of Defense) architecture frameworks; familiarity with software engineering methodologies and processes such as RUP, Waterfall and Agile; and ability to interface with executive level management and give senior level presentations.| |03/17/2014 00:00:00
insert|163514|CONSUMER AFFAIRS|1|Assistant Director|EXECUTIVE AGENCY COUNSEL|49492|86158|Annual|42 Broadway, N.Y.|Legal Compliance & Fitness Div|As the first municipal consumer protection agency in the country, the New York City Department of Consumer Affairs (DCA) has ensured that businesses and consumers benefit from a fair and vibrant marketplace for over 40 years. Today, DCA regulates 55 industries and licenses and inspects almost 80,000 businesses throughout the five boroughs. The Department enforces the City’s landmark Consumer Protection Law and related City and State laws; mediates thousands of consumer complaints; and prosecutes lawbreaking businesses through our Administrative Tribunal.     DCA is committed to educating, empowering and protecting consumers; holding businesses to high standards of marketplace behavior; and achieving excellence in the delivery of innovative agency programs and services.  As a small agency with a big mission, every staff member at DCA plays a critical role in ensuring success.     DCA is seeking an experienced attorney to serve as Assistant Director in the Regulatory Compliance Division (RCD), which works with the Legal Division to conduct widespread examination of licensee records to determine compliance with the laws and rules enforced by DCA, with the goals of improving businesses’ compliance and investigating and prosecuting businesses that are found to be engaged in illegal conduct.  The Assistant Director will perform legal research, conduct investigations and litigate cases in DCA’s Adjudication Tribunal, as well as overseeing the work of the attorney and non attorney staff.         The ideal candidate is a self-motivated, detail-oriented, and experienced attorney with supervisory experience, and superior writing and litigation skills. The position requires an individual who enjoys and succeeds with substantial responsibility and thrives in a fast-paced environment.  The Assistant Director will be responsible for these functions, as well as for special projects and assignments related to consumer or business issues or to the agency’s operations.|Admission to the New York State Bar; and four years of recent full-time responsible, relevant, satisfactory legal experience subsequent to admission to any bar, eighteen months of which must have been in the supervision of other attorneys, in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity, or performing highly complex and significant legal work.    Incumbents must remain Members of the New York State Bar in good standing for the duration of this employment.|•	Demonstrated excellent verbal, written, interpersonal, analytical, problem-solving and time management skills.  •	Demonstrated excellent legal research and writing skills.  •	Proficiency in Microsoft Office, and Adobe Professional.  SharePoint, SQL experience a plus.   •	Ability to communicate in a clear, concise manner both verbally and in writing explaining results within   a legal project management framework to gain agreement or acceptance.    •	Ability to establish rapport and interact effectively with multifunctional teams comprised of attorney   and non attorney staff.    •	Ability to effectively manage multiple priorities with competing deadlines.  •	Knowledge and experience with legal matter management processes and project management theories.   •	Knowledge of NYC business trends and industry practices.    	| |08/22/2014 00:00:00
insert|149413|DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE|100|Junior Public Health Nurse|JR PHNURSE (SCH HLTH)>20 HR PT|35|35|Hourly|Not Used|SH Nursing Services & Prof Dev|Salary has been amended to $29.20***                    **  30 - 35 Hours Part-time  (amended)    The Bureau of School Health (OSH) is a joint program of the Department of Education and the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene responsible for promoting the health of the 1.3 million school children enrolled in approximately 1,800 public and non-public schools in New York City. OSH has been the provider of public health services in the schools for 100 years.    DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO:    Junior Public Health Nurse will perform as a member of a health team in the New York City schools, both public and nonpublic.    -- Will perform case findings, referrals and follow-up in conjunction with audiovisual screening team, doctors and other health providers in the schools and community.    -- Junior Public Health Nurses will provide health education to students and staff in schools and advise families on proper health practices.    -- Junior Public Health Nurses will be  responsible for maintaining school records and preparing monthly reports to be used by nursing supervisors; establishing contacts and collaborate working relationships with the schools administrators and community.      POSITION#    003495, 003458, 003473, 003541, 003543, 003453,  003456, 003464, 003477, 003512, 003451, 003452,  003482, 003510, 003538, 003542, 003445, 003446,  003447, 003457, 003469, 003480, 003506, 003524,  003528, 003531, 003544, 003448, 003449, 003459,  003479, 003483, 003487, 003489, 003490, 003492,  003494, 003496, 003497, 003500, 003503, 003508,  003514, 003515, 003518, 003519, 003525, 003527,  003530, 003532, 003533, 003534, 003535, 003537,  003540, 003462, 003463, 003485, 003475, 003481,  003455, 003461, 003467, 003468, 003521, 003450,  003471, 003454, 003465, 003466, 003472, 003476,  003478, 003499, 003522, 003529, 003539, 003460,  003470, 003474, 003484, 003486, 003488, 003491,  003504, 003511, 003513, 003516, 003517, 003520,  003523, 003526, 003536, 003493, 003498, 003501,  003502, 003505, 003507, 003509|1. Possession of a valid New York State license as a Registered Nurse is required.|Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills; 1) A current license and  registration to practice as a Registered Nurse in New York State; this License must be maintained for the duration of employment Special Note: For appointment to OSH, individual must be able to perform Cardio-Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR).|The license must be maintained during the  time of employment.     Additional note:   Must follow all safety, security, Blood-borne pathogen exposure, infection control, and hazardous materials policies and procedures to assure a safe environment for staff and students.  This includes using: personal protective wear, good hand hygiene, and adhering to sharps safety procedures.|04/18/2014 00:00:00
insert|154741|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|27|Stationary Engineer (Electric)|STATIONARY ENGINEER (ELECTRIC)|45|45|Hourly|Wards Island, N.Y.|Wards Island|Under general supervision, the selected candidates will operate, inspect, repair and adjust high and low voltage electrically powered plant equipment, including diesel engines, and perform related work.  There are physical activities performed by Stationary Engineers (Electric) and environmental conditions experienced, including: working near high voltage (600 v or more); lifting and carrying objects weighing approximately fifty pounds; using power driven and regular hand tools; working with one's hands at arms-length overhead while standing on a ladder; working in restricted spaces on surfaces such as metal gratings; may also be required to work in temperatures ranging from 0 to 105 degrees F in varying atmosphere conditions, such as high and low humidity; working in the presence of toxic and/or corrosive chemicals; and moving parts of machinery and equipment.|1. Five years of full-time satisfactory experience within the last 10 years in responsible charge of the operation of plants or facilities utilizing high tension electrical equipment (600 volts or more), including troubleshooting and repairing such equipment, in one or more of the following: electrical generating stations, electrical switching stations, water treatment plants, wastewater treatment plants, water pumping stations or high volume ventilation systems; or    2. A baccalaureate degree in electrical, civil or mechanical engineering from a college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U. S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA), and two years of fulltime satisfactory experience as described in “1'' above; or    3. An associate degree in Science or Applied Science from a college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U. S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA), with a major in Water Quality  Monitoring, Wastewater Treatment Plant Operations, Environmental Health, Environmental Control, Electrical Technology, Mechanical Technology, and four years of full-time satisfactory experience as described in “1'' above and; or    4. Two years of full-time satisfactory experience as described in “1'' above plus three years of full-time satisfactory experience as an electrician; or    5. Five years of full-time satisfactory experience within the last 10 years as an electrician, including three years of full-time satisfactory experience troubleshooting and repairing high tension electrical equipment (600 volts or more) such as that described in “1'' above; or    6. A satisfactory combination of education and/or experience which is equivalent to “1'', “2'', “3'', “4'', or “5'' above. Education may be substituted for experience on the basis that one year of experience will be credited for each 60 semester credits from a college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U. S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA), leading to a baccalaureate or associate degree in one of the disciplines described in “2'' or “3'' above. However, all candidates must have at least two years of satisfactory  experience as described in “1'''' above, except for candidates who qualify under “5” above.| |The selected candidates may be required to work rotaing shifts, around the clock, including Saturdays, Sundays and holidays    Appointments are subject to OMB approval    For additional information about DEP, visit www.nyc.gov/dep|07/10/2014 00:00:00
insert|165181|DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE|1|Deputy Director of Care and Treatment, Bureau of HIV/AIDS Prevention and Control|ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF ANALYST (|56937|88649|Annual|42-09 28th Street|HIV/AIDS Care & Treatment|The Care, Treatment and Housing Program (CTHP) plans, administers, supports, and evaluates services delivered to persons with or at risk for HIV, under the Ryan White and HOPWA grants. The CTHP Research & Evaluation Unit mission is to assess the impact of a range of programs on health outcomes, and to contribute an evidence basis to the planning and administration of HIV services.     DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO:   -- Serve as the grant administrator, manage and submit all Ryan White Part A conditions of award, review budgets and expenditure reports to ensure accuracy.     --Ensure HIV/AIDS program implementation curricula are aligned with HRSA, Ryan White, and DOHMH standards. Ensure that curricula development are coordinated with training staff.     -- Serve as primary communication for administrative and Federal issues for Ryan White related issues with master contractors, Westchester Department of Health and Public Health Solutions.    --Manage and coordinate the operation of the all care and treatment contract management issues in concert with the Deputy Director of Business Systems.     -- Serve as alternate to the Director of Care and Treatment in his role as Grantee representative on the New York HIV Health and Human Services Planning Council, Attend Planning Council meetings and sub-committees meetings as needed.     --Serve as the primary grantee representative on the Finance committee to present RW expenditure reports.     -- Oversee Ryan White technical assistance unit comprised of six staff persons.     --Review contract proposals and performance reports to ensure compliance with the agency's requirements, and federal/state/city guidelines.     -- Work with the Bureau business analyst and master contractor, produce RFPs, and make recommendations concerning the awarding of contracts, the provision of additional funding or de-funding of contracted programs.     -- Oversee the monitoring of the program's performance to ensure effectiveness and efficiency.     -- Work with a wide range of providers in the NYC community to improve the delivery of HIV care and treatment services.     --Collaborate with evaluation and research staff to obtain needed data to inform the planning process, including needs assessments and service gap analyses,.     -- Keep up to date on policy and scientific advances affecting HIV Care and Treatment for implementation in Ryan White funded services in NYC.     -- Manage the dissemination of program implementation documents and information relevant to the project's technical areas in coordination with Care and Treatment Program Planners.     -- Represent the DOHMH at meetings and on committees.|1. A master's degree from an accredited college in economics, finance, accounting, business or public administration, human resources management, management science, operations research, organizational behavior, industrial psychology, statistics, personnel administration, labor relations, psychology, sociology, human resources development, political science, urban studies or a closely related field, and two years of satisfactory full-time professional experience in one or a combination of the following: working with the budget of a large public or private concern in budget administration, accounting, economic or financial administration, or fiscal or economic research; in management or methods analysis, operations research, organizational research or program evaluation; in personnel or public administration, recruitment, position classification, personnel relations, employee benefits, staff development, employment program planning/administration, labor market research, economic planning, social services program planning/evaluation, or fiscal management; or in a related area. 18 months of this experience must have been in an executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory capacity. Supervision must have included supervising staff performing professional work in the areas described above; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of professional experience in the areas described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience, as described in ''1'' above.|Knowledge of HIV related healthcare policy with specific knowledge of the Ryan White Care Program, Evidence-based program design and experience in the area of community health, relations or organization of health-related services; program implementation and technical assistance; direct service experience, in area of case management, HIV care, support services; implementation of research findings; program management and staff supervision.| |09/02/2014 00:00:00
insert|149542|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|1|Environmental Attorney|AGENCY ATTORNEY|60074|90027|Annual|59-17 Junction Blvd Corona Ny|Counsels Office|The NYC Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) protects public health and the environment by supplying clean drinking water, collecting and treating wastewater, and reducing air, noise, and hazardous materials pollution. DEP is the largest combined municipal water and wastewater utility in the country, with nearly 6,000 employees. We deliver 1.1 billion gallons of high quality drinking water per day to 8.3 million New York City residents and more than 1 million people in Upstate New York, and we collect and treat an average of 1.3 billion gallons of wastewater per day.     The selected candidate will work under general supervision of the DEP General Counsel, with latitude for independent action and decision, serve as an attorney within the Agency’s Bureau of Legal Affairs, providing advice and counsel to DEP management and staff on legal matters concerning a wide spectrum of environmental and land use laws affecting the agency, including the Clean Water Act, Clean Air Act, CERCLA, SEQRA, Safe Water Drinking Act and other city, state and federal statutes, rules and regulations.  In addition, the attorney will represent the agency in litigation, including in administrative proceedings, will draft agency laws and regulations, and will review and provide legal advice with respect to proposed city, state and federal laws and regulations.|1. Admission to the New York State Bar; and either ''2'' or ''3'' below.  2. One year of satisfactory United States legal experience subsequent to admission to any state bar; or   3. Six months of satisfactory service as an Agency Attorney Interne (30086).    Incumbents must remain Members of the New York State Bar in good standing for the duration of this employment.  In addition to meeting the minimum Qualification Requirements:  To be assigned to Assignment Level (AL) II, candidates must have one year of experience at Assignment Level I or two years of comparable legal experience subsequent to admission to the bar, in the areas of law related to the assignment. To be assigned to AL III candidates must have two years of experience in Assignment Levels I and/or II or three years of comparable legal experience subsequent to admission to the bar, in the areas of law related to the assignment.| | |04/25/2014 00:00:00
insert|140000|NYC HOUSING AUTHORITY|1|Senior Estimator (Mechanical)|SENIOR ESTIMATOR (MECHANICAL)|57129|82737|Annual|CP QA-Program Director|Capital Projects Tech Support|1.  Prepare and/or supervise the preparation of bid cost estimates and/or change order estimates necessary for the planning, construction or repair of structures or installations for mechanical work and other trade disciplines as required.  2.  Supervise preparation of complex research; conduct studies relating to mechanical cost estimating for capital projects.  3.  Conduct surveys and cost evaluations in connection with contract drawings, specifications or contract changes.  4.  Review contract cost estimates prepared by external consultants for accuracy and reasonableness; perform reconciliation exercises; make recommendations.  5.  Prepare and/or supervise the preparation of quantity surveys and cost evaluations in connection with contract drawings, specifications and contract changes.  6.  Coordinate, maintain and update price library, NYCHA historical database and other reference material with current cost variations.  7.  Review change orders and, working with program unit staff, negotiate with contractors to finalize change orders.  8.  Work collaboratively with other team members performing bid cost estimating and change order estimating duties in a variety of trade disciplines when requested.|1. A Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from an accredited college and four years of full-time satisfactory experience in mechanical engineering work in the building construction field, two years of which shall have been full-time satisfactory mechanical estimating experience involving heating, ventilating, air conditioning or plumbing in the building construction field; or    2. A four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and eight years of full-time satisfactory experience in mechanical engineering work in the building construction field, two years of which shall have been full-time satisfactory mechanical estimating experience involving heating, ventilating, air conditioning or plumbing in the building construction field.| |SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR NYCHA EMPLOYEES:    NYCHA employees applying for promotional, title or level change opportunities must have served a period of one year in their current title and level (if applicable).|02/26/2014 00:00:00
insert|149202|DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTION|7|Investigator (Discipline/Staff Conduct)|INVESTIGATOR(DISCP)(ONLY FOR P|42648|60719|Annual|75-20 Astoria Blvd|Investigation Division|The New York City Department of Correction is one of the largest municipal jail systems in the United States. It provides for the care, custody and control of inmates, 16 years of age and older, accused of crimes or convicted and sentenced to incarceration of one year or less. The Department of Correction operates 14 inmate jail facilities including ten that are on Rikers Island, the court pens in the five boroughs, and two prison hospital wards, handles approximately 81,000 admissions each year, manages an average daily population of over 11,500 inmates, and employs more than 10,000 uniformed and civilian staff.    The Investigation Division (ID) is integral to the Department of Correction’s efforts to ensure the integrity, professionalism, and accountability of its staff. The Investigation Division is responsible for investigating acts of misconduct, both on and off-duty, allegedly committed by uniformed and civilian staff, involving excessive use of force, undue familiarity with inmates, firearms regulation violations, erroneous discharges, escapes, improper outside employment, and any other conduct unbecoming a member of the Department of Correction, or of a nature that brings discredit upon the Department of Correction. In addition, the Investigation Division is charged with investigating allegations against both staff and inmates involving sexual assaults.    More than sixty five staff members are assigned to the Investigation Division; its investigative staff consists of both civilians and officers.    Under general supervision, with considerable latitude for independent action and decision-making, assignment level II Investigators interview Department of Correction officers and civilian employees, who are represented by union attorneys, as well as inmates and other witnesses. They obtain documentary evidence such as medical records and Department of Correction reports, surveillance video, and inmate telephone call records and recordings. Investigators draft interview reports and closing reports, in which they must concisely summarize the evidence uncovered during the investigation, their factual findings and the analysis and reasoning employed to reach these findings and their conclusions as to whether misconduct occurred. Investigators testify before administrative tribunals (the New York City Office of Administrative Trials and Hearings) and at times work closely with the New York City Department of Investigation and prosecutors. Investigators become knowledgeable about Department of Correction procedures, rules, and regulations, administrative disciplinary procedures, and the criminal justice system.    Assignment level II investigators may also supervise and train other investigators.|1. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and four years of satisfactory full-time experience in one or more of the fields of accounting, auditing, correction administration, criminal justice administration and planning, forensic science, inspection, investigation, law enforcement, personnel administration, police science, and security, or in a major operational area of the agency in which the appointment is to be made; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college; or  3. Education and/or experience equivalent to ''1'' or ''2'' above.|Investigators must have excellent communications skills, strong analytical and writing skills, the ability to be objective and thorough in conducting investigations of law enforcement personnel, and a valid driver's license. Foreign language skills are desirable. The preferred candidate has a BA/BS. Successful candidates must clear a background investigation.| |04/14/2014 00:00:00
view|Salary Range To|Job ID|Business Title|Job Description|Preferred Skills|Agency|Salary Frequency
