clear
insert|151821|FIRE DEPARTMENT|1|GIS Geodatabase Manager|COMPUTER SPECIALIST (SOFTWARE)|77733|100849|Annual|9 Metrotech Center, Brooklyn N|Bureau of Tech Deve and Syst|The FDNY GIS Unit is hiring a GIS Geodatabase Manager position in the Technology Development and Systems Bureau. GIS Unit has created and maintains an Enterprise Geodatabase utilizing ESRI technology combined with Oracle database technology. The Geodatabase Manager’s responsibilities will include: Administer ESRI, Oracle, Windows-based platforms to manage the multiple GIS database environments, participate in maintaining and expanding of enterprise database services and work on design and development of custom FDNY geodatabases and/or modify existing geodatabases in the FDNY environments.  The successful candidate will also work with various FDNY Bureaus and other project managers to identify needs and develop corresponding scopes of work; work on multiple projects and be knowledgeable of the enterprise environment, maintain continued knowledge of developments in GIS software and standards; perform GIS software implementations, data development, and maintain relational databases and perform systems integration and spatial analysis.  Other responsibilities will also include managing projects for the Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Unit, perform GIS data analyses and requirements gathering for FDNY, and maintain GIS databases.|(1) A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college, including or supplemented by twenty-four (24) semester credits in computer science or a related computer field and two (2) years of satisfactory full-time software experience in designing, programming, debugging, maintaining, implementing, and enhancing computer software applications, systems programming, systems analysis and design, data communication software, or database design and programming, including one year in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project; or  (2) A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and six (6) years of full-time satisfactory software experience as described in “1'' above, including one year in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project; or  (3) A satisfactory combination of education and experience that is equivalent to (1) or (2) above. College education may be substituted for up to two years of the required experience in (2) above on the basis that sixty (60) semester credits from an accredited college is equated to one year of experience. A masters degree in computer science or a related computer field may be substituted for one year of the required experience in (1) or (2) above. However, all candidates must have a four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent, plus at least one (1) year of satisfactory full-time software experience in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project.  NOTE: In order to have your experience accepted as Project Leader or Major Contributor experience, you must explain in detail how your experience qualifies you as a project leader or as a major contributor. Experience in computer operations, technical support, quality assurance (QA), hardware installation, help desk, or as an end user will not be accepted for meeting the minimum qualification  requirements.  Special Note  To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level IV, in addition to the Qualification Requirements stated above, individuals must have one year of satisfactory experience in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project in data administration, database management systems, operating systems, data communications systems, capacity planning, and/or on-line applications programming.|Baccalaureate Degree in Geographic Information Systems (GIS), Geography or Computer Science. Experience in both front-end and back-end development, testing and production. Ability to manage complex data within an ESRI based enterprise geodatabases; manage software maintenance and production support and the ability to manage large-scale data projects. Be well versed with ESRI GIS software products including ESRI ArcGIS Desktop 10.x, ArcGIS Server 10.x and ArcSDE 10.x; have experience developing REST End Point web services and extensive experience in database development and maintenance. Experience in Microsoft Access, SQL Server, Oracle; and GIS data design and development modeling of complex spatial relationships for Emergency Management and Incident Planning. Ability to learn new technologies and are adaptable to change.| |07/03/2014 00:00:00
insert|151169|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|1|Environmental, Health and Safety Auditor|ASSOCIATE PUBLIC HEALTH SANITA|56603|85638|Annual|59-17 Junction Blvd Corona Ny|Dept of Environment Protection|The selected candidate will conduct environmental health and safety assessments of the NYC DEP bureaus, facilities and/or operations to determine compliance with federal, state and local regulations, and conformance with agency-wide policies and procedures.  Candidate will prepare technical reports containing compliance status analysis, identifying non-compliance/non conformance conditions and recommending actions to correct and prevent recurrence; assist in the agency's research efforts in environmental and/or occupational health and safety issues and other research projects; make and record observations on the progress of research and evaluate data; conduct workplace audits/assessments/investigation. And assist EHS Systems Audit Division with research, presentations, data gathering, filing and various technical and administrative tasks.|1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university , including or supplemented by 30 semester credits in the biological and/or physical sciences, and at least two years of satisfactory full-time experience performing inspections to assure compliance with pertinent laws, rules and regulations governing the areas of food, drugs and general environmental conditions; or    2. An associate degree from an accredited college or university , including or supplemented by 12 semester credits in the biological and/or physical sciences, and four years of satisfactory full-time experience as described in ''1'' above; or    3. Education and/or experience equivalent to ''1'' or ''2'' above. However, all candidates must have at least 60 semester credits from an accredited college or university , including at least 12 semester credits in the biological and/or physical sciences. Furthermore, to assure compliance with Section 11.112 of the New York State Sanitary Code, all candidates must have at least two years of experience as a public health sanitarian as described in ''1'' above.|Good working knowledge of EPA, DEC, OSHA and FDNY and other related environmental, health and safety requirements.    Familiarity with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint)    Strong analytical and critical thinking skills.    Excellent communication skills, including both written and oral.    Previous EHS auditing experience a plus.|A Motor Vehicle Driver License valid in the State of New York. This license must be maintained for the duration of employment.|06/11/2014 00:00:00
insert|164911|DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE|1|City Clinician, Bureau of Sexually Transmitted Disease Control|CITY CLINICIAN|60|64|Hourly|42-09 28th Street|STD Medical Services|The mission of the Bureau of Sexually Transmitted Disease Control is to improve the sexual health of all New Yorkers. To achieve this, we provide direct clinical services and partner services; monitor disease trends; provide education and training to providers and community groups, conduct research and develop policies to improve sexual health and wellness.    --You will be taking medical history and performing physical examinations.    -- Providing diagnosis and management of Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STD’s)  and follows up  approprietely with patients.    --Patients' management will include: dispensing medication and counseling on the prevention of STDs including HIV testing services.     -- Completing the Laboratory aspects of patient work-up.    --Counseling patients.    -- Consulting and recommending on the care and treatment of patients with STDs.|1. Possession of a valid license to practice medicine or osteopathic medicine in the State of New York.|Residency training in primary care specialty-internal medicine, family practice, gynecology or in preventive medicine; experience with electronic medical records; experience working in high volume primary care clinic with a diverse patient population; knowledge of STDs and HIV  Bilingual Spanish/English preferred.| |08/29/2014 00:00:00
insert|150671|DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE|2|Business Analyst|COMPUTER SYSTEMS MANAGER|70000|75000|Annual|210 Joralemon St., Brooklyn|Ctywd Paymts & Rcvbls-IT|The Finance Information Technology Division delivers world-class information and technology solutions that the Agency’s needs to achieve results.  The Division seeks dynamic individuals who will be serving as Business Analysts.    The Business Analysts will be responsible for gathering, analyzing and documenting business needs from our user community and creating system requirements for our developers. This will be accomplished by:      - Conducting requirements gathering from applicable agencies and any other appropriate      users.       - Investigating and proposing recommendations for resolution of business and software      Issues.      - Assisting others in application testing planning, coordination, and execution activities.       - Planning, managing and reporting regular status updates for projects to meet delivery      deadlines.      - Maintaining familiarity with and enforce agency and citywide project standards.|1. A master's degree in computer science from an accredited college and three years of progressively more responsible, full-time, satisfactory experience using information technology in computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, planning of data/information processing, user services, or area networks at least 18 months of this experience must have been in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, data base administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of experience as described in ''1'' above; or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and six years of experience as described in ''1'' above; or  4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience equivalent to ''1'', ''2'' or ''3'' above. However, all candidates must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's department of education or recognized accrediting organization and must possess at least three years of experience as described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in  ''1'' above.  Qualification Requirements (continued)  NOTE: The following types of experience are not acceptable: superficial use of preprogrammed software without complex programming, design, implementation or management of the product; use of word processing packages; use of a hand held calculator; primarily the entering or updating of data in a system; the operation of data processing hardware or consoles.|- 3 years experience as Business Analyst for various MIS projects with the full development      lifecycle. Includes a demonstrated ability to manage the requirements gathering phase of the      software development life cycle.   - Demonstrated experience with production of relevant artifacts, such as business process      documents, activity diagrams and required documentation, with exceptional detail orientation.    - Proficiency in Microsoft tools including advanced knowledge in Excel, Visio and MS-Project.   - Excellent verbal and written communication skills.   - Experience with Payments projects a strong plus.   - Experience with NYC Government IT projects a strong plus.   - Experience with agile IT projects a strong plus.   - Proficiency in HP Quality Center a strong plus.    - Proficiency in writing Oracle database queries and in reading and analyzing the relevant data      a plus.|In compliance with Federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.|05/16/2014 00:00:00
update_all|Preferred Skills|- 3 years experience as Business Analyst for various MIS projects with the full development      lifecycle. Includes a demonstrated ability to manage the requirements gathering phase of the      software development life cycle.   - Demonstrated experience with production of relevant artifacts, such as business process      documents, activity diagrams and required documentation, with exceptional detail orientation.    - Proficiency in Microsoft tools including advanced knowledge in Excel, Visio and MS-Project.   - Excellent verbal and written communication skills.   - Experience with Payments projects a strong plus.   - Experience with NYC Government IT projects a strong plus.   - Experience with agile IT projects a strong plus.   - Proficiency in HP Quality Center a strong plus.    - Proficiency in writing Oracle database queries and in reading and analyzing the relevant data      a plus.|Salary Frequency|Annual00
update_all|Salary Range To|100849|Civil Service Title|COMPUTER SPECIALIST (SOFTWARE)00
update_all|Posting Date|05/16/2014 00:00:00|Job ID|15067100
update_all|Job Description|The selected candidate will conduct environmental health and safety assessments of the NYC DEP bureaus, facilities and/or operations to determine compliance with federal, state and local regulations, and conformance with agency-wide policies and procedures.  Candidate will prepare technical reports containing compliance status analysis, identifying non-compliance/non conformance conditions and recommending actions to correct and prevent recurrence; assist in the agency's research efforts in environmental and/or occupational health and safety issues and other research projects; make and record observations on the progress of research and evaluate data; conduct workplace audits/assessments/investigation. And assist EHS Systems Audit Division with research, presentations, data gathering, filing and various technical and administrative tasks.invalid|Civil Service Title|ASSOCIATE PUBLIC HEALTH SANITA100
update_all|Salary Range From|77733invalid|Salary Range From|77733100
update_all|Civil Service Title|COMPUTER SYSTEMS MANAGERinvalid|Additional Information|In compliance with Federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.100
dump