clear
insert|152086|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|1|Housing Recovery Office Coordinator|COMMUNITY COORDINATOR|45615|70810|Annual|250 Broadway, N.Y.|Sandy HRO Administration|**  This is a long-term temporary grant funded position with an estimated duration of up to 18 months.    The Federal government administers the Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG) to provide communities with resources that address a wide range of needs.  These funds are designed to assist cities, counties and states recover from disasters.  The mission of NYC Housing Recovery is to return Sandy-impacted residents in New York City to permanent, safe and sustainable housing.    As a Housing Recovery Community Coordinator, the selected candidate will be responsible for performing difficult administrative and community outreach tasks for the NYC Housing Recovery/Build it Back Office. Primary responsibilities will include the performance of difficult and responsible administrative functions will include the scheduling, coordination and participation in Program related conference calls and meetings with Program Managers, community organizations, agency heads, and City officials.  Candidate will also be responsible for the collection and maintenance of Program data and the preparation of analytical reports for submission to Sr. Staff and Program oversights. Additional duties may include providing support in the planning, implementation and coordination of Program Community-based initiatives and performing Special Projects as may be required by Program managers.|1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and two years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties described above; or  2. High school graduation or equivalent and six years of experience in community work or community centered activities in an area related to the duties as described above; or  3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to ''1'' or ''2'' above. However, all candidates must have at least one year of experience as described in ''1'' above.|1. Excellent time management, writing, administrative and interpersonal skills.  2. Quick learner, able to multi-task and manage a complex office.  3. Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint  4. Experience with community-based organizations   5. Excellent client/customer service skills|**  This is a long-term temporary grant funded position with an estimated duration of up to 18 months.|06/12/2014 00:00:00
insert|156000|OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT & BUDGET|1|Executive Director - FISA & OPA|EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR (FISA)|205180|205180|Annual|450 West 33 St, New York NY|Budget Directors Office|One (1) Executive Director:   Financial Information Services Agency (FISA) and Office of Payroll Administration (OPA)    SALARY: $205,180 (Annual)    SUMMARY:    The City of New York seeks an Executive Director to head the City’s Financial Information Services Agency (FISA) and Office of Payroll Administration (OPA).      FISA is the City’s information technology services center with all the support facilities needed to provide City officials with citywide financial, payroll and human resources information.  FISA supports the citywide financial, payroll, and human resources applications used by City officials to carry out their charter mandated activities related to financial planning, budgeting, accounting, procurement, payroll, pension and personnel functions.  FISA has more than 400 authorized positions.     OPA is responsible for coordinating matters of payroll policy and procedure among City oversight and line agencies, ensuring City compliance with applicable Federal, State, and City employment tax regulations, distributing and accounting for the City’s payroll, managing the City’s payroll bank accounts and ensuring the integrity, accuracy, and operational effectiveness of payroll systems. OPA has more than 200 authorized positions.    The Executive Director, working under the direction of the Mayor, the City Comptroller, and a three person Board of Directors, will oversee and provide supervision for all staff and activities in these multi-faceted agencies.      The responsibilities of the Executive Director will include, but are not limited to:  •	Developing and managing the strategy for secure and efficient day-to-day operation management of all IT systems and operating processes under the jurisdiction of FISA and OPA;    •	Engaging in strategic and long term planning for continuous IT system development and upgrading to keep pace with the City’s growing and changing IT needs and the available technology;    •	Through executive leadership, taking ownership and overall responsibility for IT and financial transactions and providing staff of both FISA and OPA with clear direction and sense of mission.         Per the New York City Charter, the powers and duties of FISA are to:  •	implement and manage the integrated financial management system;    •	control and exercise responsibility for all data processing functions and operations of the City which support the activities of those officers, employees, and agencies of the City responsible for organizing, compiling, coordinating and reporting upon the City’s central financial records, data and other related information;  •	provide efficient, coordinated and rapid access to such information for those officers, employees, and agencies of the City responsible for the determination and administration of the estimated and actual expenditures of the City; the receipt, investment and disbursement of City funds; the issuance and payment of principal and interest on obligations of the City; and for the use of such other officers, employees, or agencies as may require such information; and   •	render services to, and receive information and assistance from, such other bodies defined as “covered organizations” in the New York State financial emergency act for the City of New York, as amended, upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed to by the agency and each such body.         Per the New York City Charter, the powers and duties of OPA are to:   •	support the implementation of a computerized payroll management system;   •	maintain the integrity and accuracy of the payroll system;   •	develop uniform procedures for payroll processing and development;   •	distribute and account for payroll and administer payroll deductions; and  •	render services to, and receive information and assistance from, public corporations upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed to by the office and such corporation.|MINIMUM QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:     •	A doctorate or master’s degree from an accredited university in business or public administration, public policy, management science, computer science, operations, or a closely related field and  •	At least eight years of satisfactory full-time professional experience in a senior executive or managerial capacity, overseeing staff performing professional work in the areas described above.|•	This is an executive level position with a broad policy and operations purview requiring substantial experience in public policy and program management.   •	Experience in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity in the areas of computer applications programming, systems programming, computer systems development, data telecommunications, database administration, or planning of data processing or in the supervision of staff performing these duties.  •	Experience managing a large and complex organization’s information technology operation, requiring knowledge of IT administration; and/or  •	Experience managing a large and complex organization’s payroll department, requiring business operations experience.| |07/18/2014 00:00:00
insert|140000|NYC HOUSING AUTHORITY|1|Senior Estimator (Mechanical)|SENIOR ESTIMATOR (MECHANICAL)|57129|82737|Annual|CP QA-Program Director|Capital Projects Tech Support|1.  Prepare and/or supervise the preparation of bid cost estimates and/or change order estimates necessary for the planning, construction or repair of structures or installations for mechanical work and other trade disciplines as required.  2.  Supervise preparation of complex research; conduct studies relating to mechanical cost estimating for capital projects.  3.  Conduct surveys and cost evaluations in connection with contract drawings, specifications or contract changes.  4.  Review contract cost estimates prepared by external consultants for accuracy and reasonableness; perform reconciliation exercises; make recommendations.  5.  Prepare and/or supervise the preparation of quantity surveys and cost evaluations in connection with contract drawings, specifications and contract changes.  6.  Coordinate, maintain and update price library, NYCHA historical database and other reference material with current cost variations.  7.  Review change orders and, working with program unit staff, negotiate with contractors to finalize change orders.  8.  Work collaboratively with other team members performing bid cost estimating and change order estimating duties in a variety of trade disciplines when requested.|1. A Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from an accredited college and four years of full-time satisfactory experience in mechanical engineering work in the building construction field, two years of which shall have been full-time satisfactory mechanical estimating experience involving heating, ventilating, air conditioning or plumbing in the building construction field; or    2. A four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and eight years of full-time satisfactory experience in mechanical engineering work in the building construction field, two years of which shall have been full-time satisfactory mechanical estimating experience involving heating, ventilating, air conditioning or plumbing in the building construction field.| |SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR NYCHA EMPLOYEES:    NYCHA employees applying for promotional, title or level change opportunities must have served a period of one year in their current title and level (if applicable).|02/26/2014 00:00:00
insert|154824|DEPT OF INFO TECH & TELECOMM|1|Functional Test Lead|COMPUTER SPECIALIST (SOFTWARE)|83388|110000|Annual|2 Metro Tech 4Th Flr, Rm 418|Enterprise APP Services|DoITT provides for the sustained, efficient and effective delivery of IT services, infrastructure and telecommunications to enhance service delivery to New York City's residents, businesses, employees and visitors. As the City's technology leader, DoITT is responsible for maintaining the foundational IT infrastructure and systems that touch every aspect of City life from public safety to human services, from education to economic development crossing the full spectrum of governmental operations.    The successful candidate will serve as a Functional Test Lead reporting to the Application Development Management Division. Responsibilities will include: Supervise a team of functional testers for all activities related to APT application; ensure QA process is organized; assign QA tasks to the APT QA team; track progress of QA tasks and report it to the project manager and QA director; represent team in various meeting related to projects; ensure team members are properly trained and provided with appropriate tools and work environment; ensure APT functional test suite is properly maintained and in sync with current state of the APT application, select and execute library of test cases as needed for the APT maintenance and enhancement releases; ensure APT test suite in quality center is properly maintained and used; manage test data suite in synch with current package application functionality; work with project managers, business analysts, development and support teams as well as business community to provide team contribution into requirements gathering and review process for maintenance and enhancement releases of APT application; analyze work efforts required and provide time and resource estimates; review APT project documents and provide QA comments and sign off; participate in reviewing and supervising contractor’s work and sign off; define test strategy based on the analysis of design document and requirements; create and execute test cases, log and assign defects, report defect resolution status; organize test execution and test process tracking using quality center; manage defect triage process, work with developers and support teams to properly classify and resolve defects and environment issues; manage team participation in APT application troubleshooting and resolving production issues; propose, prepare and execute test scenario to reproduce production issues in non-production environments; research problems, propose, design, execute and document test cases to identify potential issues to prevent outages and issues of the APT application in production; hands-on participation in all testing activities; review the test process to identify areas that would benefit from test automation and defining strategy for the regression test automation; plan and supervise execution automated test scripts; participate in identification of performance issues; manage documenting and verification of use cases selected for performance testing; assist the support team in deployment; contribute to QA team efforts to execute various environment testing and validation activities; contribute to development and update QA standards; organize knowledge sharing with other QA teams; maintain up to date documentation in project’s SharePoint folders; create and/or contribute in the design of the following deliverables; oversee test strategy and test plan, detailed test cases, test scripts, traceability matrix, test estimates,  progress report for test execution,  defect reports and performance test reports; and oversee special projects and initiatives as assigned.|(1) A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college, including or supplemented by twenty-four (24) semester credits in computer science or a related computer field and two (2) years of satisfactory full-time software experience in designing, programming, debugging, maintaining, implementing, and enhancing computer software applications, systems programming, systems analysis and design, data communication software, or database design and programming, including one year in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project; or  (2) A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and six (6) years of full-time satisfactory software experience as described in “1'' above, including one year in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project; or  (3) A satisfactory combination of education and experience that is equivalent to (1) or (2) above. College education may be substituted for up to two years of the required experience in (2) above on the basis that sixty (60) semester credits from an accredited college is equated to one year of experience. A masters degree in computer science or a related computer field may be substituted for one year of the required experience in (1) or (2) above. However, all candidates must have a four year high school diploma or its educational equivalent, plus at least one (1) year of satisfactory full-time software experience in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project.  NOTE: In order to have your experience accepted as Project Leader or Major Contributor experience, you must explain in detail how your experience qualifies you as a project leader or as a major contributor. Experience in computer operations, technical support, quality assurance (QA), hardware installation, help desk, or as an end user will not be accepted for meeting the minimum qualification  requirements.  Special Note  To be eligible for placement in Assignment Level IV, in addition to the Qualification Requirements stated above, individuals must have one year of satisfactory experience in a project leader capacity or as a major contributor on a complex project in data administration, database management systems, operating systems, data communications systems, capacity planning, and/or on-line applications programming.|The preferred candidate should possess the following: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering or mathematics; strong verbal skills to communicate with non-technical resources; strong issue resolution and investigation skills; ability to see tasks through to completion with minimal guidance; ability to articulate and document the steps taken to resolve an issue; should be a team player who works well with technical and non-technical resources; experience in performing end-to-end test process for complex enterprise solutions; experience in testing applications based on complex workflow process, knowledge of procurement tracking systems; experience with testing applications based on enterprise document management systems like EMC Documentum or similar; experience in analyzing business requirements and covering them with test cases; experience in conditioning test management process; experience with execution and tracking test process using quality center; experience in configuring quality center’s entities like requirements, test plan, test lab and  defects  to maintain complex parameterized test suite; experience with specifics of functional and compatibility testing of browser based UI; understanding of the concept of browser / HTML based UI and the need of compatibility testing; practical experience in using various tools like MS Excel and/or MS Access to prepare and maintain test data; understanding the purpose, benefits and applicability of test automation; understanding n-tier architecture and service oriented architecture (SOA); understanding of relational databases concept, ability to design SQL query; ability to use SQL queries for QA tasks; experience with testing SOA based functionality using soapUI or similar tool; understanding XML formats and technologies; experience in handling XML files using any of the popular XML parser like XMLSpy of; understanding FTP protocol and FTP tools; understanding of a variety of programming languages, architectures, and standards like, J2EE-Java, .NET.; understanding EMC documentum environment and architecture; experience with test automation test tools like Quick Test Pro or SELENIUM; practical development experience in one of the popular languages like C/C++. Java, VB/VBA (Excel or MS Access)/VBScript, Ruby, Perl, Groovy for the purpose of handling/validation of test data in various formats, locations, like flat files, XML files, relational databases, etc; understanding of the process of building, validating and handling XML files using Data Type Dictionaries (DTD), XML Schemas, XPATH; practical experience with automated parsing of XML files using parses in one of the popular programming languages.| |08/06/2014 00:00:00
insert|148172|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|2|OPERATIONAL SUPPORT TECHNICIAN|COMPUTER ASSOC (OPERATIONS)|43197|62943|Annual|96-05 Horace Harding Expway|WSO-Executive/Tech Mgmt Office|Working in the Bureau of Water and Sewer Operations, Operations Analysis and Information’s Systems Division reporting to the Supervisor of the Operational Support Unit, the selected candidate responsibilities will include: Provide functional and technical assistance to interdepartmental management and staff for the operation and use of computer hardware, software and all peripherals across the local, wide area and mobile networks; Will provide a wide variety of technical duties in the maintenance, installation, testing, and upgrading of all workstations and environments, information and communication systems; Will provide specialized Tier 2 or escalated technical support,  in collaboration with the Agencies central IT Service Desk for all Bureau specialized technologies, applications, tools, databases and work environments, all in support of various groups and business processes throughout the Bureau; Will provide priority support as directed by the unit supervisor or Section Chief for any technological issue that currently is, or is in danger of causing a significant operational impact, providing periodic status updates and resolution estimates to the units supervisor until the issue has been fully resolved; Will perform routine systems health and feature functionality testing for all BWSO mission critical sites, emergency command center and mobile command bus; Will participate in contingency planning exercises and assist with the technology components of the planning to ensure the continuous, reliable delivery of the Bureaus essential public services and sustained execution of critical operations processes; Will provide instructional assistance and training for staff, including the mobile workforce on the use of applications, tools and working environments.|1. A certificate from an accredited technical school (approximately 675 hours) with a specialization in computer operations, and two years of satisfactory full-time experience, acquired within the last eight years, working on large-scale mainframe computer operations or mainframe data communication networks; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and three years of satisfactory full-time experience, acquired within the last eight years, as described in ''1'' above; or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and four years of satisfactory full-time experience, acquired within the last eight years, as described in ''1'' above; or  4. A satisfactory combination of education and/or experience equivalent to ''1'', ''2'', or ''3'' above. However, all candidates must have at least two years of full-time experience, acquired within the last eight years, as described in ''1'' above.|Strong computer desktop and networking skills.  Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skills with the ability to analyze complex technology related problems, evaluate and implement solutions for maintaining or restoring operational processes. Familiar with client/server, web, VPN, thin client and virtualization technologies and architectures. Understanding of LAN/WAN and mobile wireless network design and implementation, capacity planning and scalability, data security and performance tuning.  Interpersonal skills necessary to train others in the use of computer systems, applications and tools, work environments and any IT components of operational contingency plans.  Strong service oriented attitude with the ability to provide outstanding customer care and service at all times.|Appointments are subject to OMB Approval.  For additional information about DEP, visit www.nyc.gov/dep.|04/08/2014 00:00:00
insert|151735|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|1|Oiler|OILER|96549|96549|Annual|2405 Amsterdam Ave., N.Y.|Wtr Sup/179 St Pump Sta Sys|Under direct supervision, the selected candidate will be responsible  for lubricating and cleaning pumps, engines, blowers, compressors, motors, gears, ejectors and other operating equipment; assisting in the operation, maintenance and repair of the equipment;  reading meters, gauges and other operating equipment; keeping logs; and performing other related duties.  In addition, the selected candidate may be required to work night shifts.|1. Three years of full-time satisfactory experience in the lubrication, maintenance, and repair of mechanical equipment; or  2. One and one-half years of experience as described in “1'' above plus graduation from an approved trade, technical, or vocational high school or completion of an approved internship program; or  3. One year of experience as described in “1'' above plus an associate degree from an accredited school in mechanical technology.|Following employment, the selected candidate should possess and maintain the following  Certificate of Fitness (COF), issued by FDNY, appropriate for the equipment at the facilities.     F93 CONS FG CONST/TOR OP.  G35 TO OPERATE AIR COMPRESSOR  P15 HANDLE MOTOR FUEL, GAS STATION  P99 CON LOW PSI OIL BURN  W14 HANDLE MOTOR FUEL-PORT.CNTR.    Additional COFs may be necessary if:  New equipment is added  FDNY regulations change  Other COFs are needed that we are not currently aware of    In addition, this position requires the performance of physical tasks such as climbing stairs and ladders, working on wet and slippery surfaces and lifting objects weighing up to 60 pounds.|LICENSE REQUIREMENT    For appointment to certain positions, possession of a Class B Commercial Driver License valid in the State of New York may be required.  There may be certain age requirements to obtain this license.  Employees must maintain the Class B Commercial Driver License during their employment.    ''Appointments are subject to OMB approval.''  ''For additional information about DEP, visit  www.nyc.gov/dep'';|06/06/2014 00:00:00
insert|163640|OFFICE OF EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT|1|Director, Legal Affairs|EXECUTIVE AGENCY COUNSEL|85000|110000|Annual|165 Cadman Plaza East|Executive Staff|**GRANT FUNDED UNTIL 9/30/15 WITH THE POSSIBILITY OF AN EXTENSION**    Under the direction of the Deputy Commissioner for Legal Affairs, the selected candidate’s responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:     •	Advising on legal matters  •	Supervising legal staff to ensure the quality of staff work product   •	Working closely with Legal Unit members to provide timely and accurate advice on a wide variety of legal matters, including contracting and procurement issues, human resource matters, EEO, COIB  •	Working with counsels and agency members to review and develop processes to evaluate compliance with local laws, rules and codes  •	Assisting legal staff work with program staff in all functional areas  •	Assisting with policymaking process and policy-related projects  •	Coordinating with other City legal staff  •	As appropriate, working with legal staff from other City agencies, including the Office of the Counselor to the Mayor and the Corporation Counsel  •	Promoting interagency cooperation on relevant matters   •	Ensuring appropriate disposition of requests for information, correspondence  •	Reviewing and producing legal documents and other written materials, researching and reviewing materials of the law, as applicable to emergency planning preparing informative or explanatory materials on laws, agency regulations and agency policies for general use by the agency and the public  •	Performing administrative duties and special assignments as directed by the Deputy Commissioner for Legal Affairs    The selected candidate will be assigned to a periodic Emergency Operations Center (EOC) team and will be required to work non-business hours during emergencies. The selected candidate will also participate in drills and exercises, will assist with Ready NY presentations to external groups, and will undertake other special project duties, as assigned.|Admission to the New York State Bar; and four years of recent full-time responsible, relevant, satisfactory legal experience subsequent to admission to any bar, eighteen months of which must have been in the supervision of other attorneys, in an administrative, managerial or executive capacity, or performing highly complex and significant legal work.    Incumbents must remain Members of the New York State Bar in good standing for the duration of this employment.|• Ability to develop policy and legal analyses that provide a foundation for emergency planning and initiatives  • Candidate must thrive in a fast-paced environment and adept at multi-tasking  • Excellent judgment and the ability to work independently with little supervision  • Strong verbal and writing skills|NOTE: ONLY THOSE CANDIDATES UNDER CONSIDERATION WILL BE CONTACTED    AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER- Special accommodations will be provided for disabled applicants|08/22/2014 00:00:00
insert|157959|DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION|1|Associate Project Manager II|ASSOCIATE PROJECT MANAGER|62942|92249|Annual|28-11 Queens Plaza No., L.I.C.|Office of Bicycle/Pedes Prgms|Opportunity for an ambitious and motivated project manager to improve NYC Streets and help to achieve the Mayoral Vision Zero initiative. The candidate will manage, supervise and direct the design and implementation of new roadway geometries and pavement markings of varying complexity. The individual will influence capital construction projects through the review of plans, reports and proposals submitted by consultants, contractors and agencies to assure the geometry of streets achieve Vision Zero goals and conform to engineering standards. Attend meetings to resolve issues that may involve other DOT departments, agencies and consultants or contractors. Perform, direct and supervise field surveys and inspections for in-house design projects for bicycle facilities and bus lane projects. Develop AutoCAD plans based upon aerial photos and GIS data; coordinate and manage for the timely execution and implementation of work activities. Attend meetings and resolve field problems that may arise during layout and implementation of projects. Knowledge of innovative street design techniques, AASHTO, MUTCD and traffic manuals for innovative geometrics and pavement markings design techniques to improve traffic, transit, walking and biking is desirable. Must possess the motivation to improve communities in NYC through responses to community complaints submitted to the 311 system and commissioner’s correspondence unit (CCU) or from NYPD/FDNY. Must be a clear and effective communicator both verbally and through written reports & correspondence.|One year of full-time satisfactory experience in supervising employees performing project management work, such as planning, administering, managing, coordinating, or expediting, on engineering and/or architectural and/or landscape architectural projects, or supervising a construction project with a value of $1,000,000 or more, and either:  1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college in engineering, engineering technology, architecture, architectural technology, landscape architecture, business administration, or public administration, and one year of full-time satisfactory experience in project management work, such as planning, administering, managing, coordinating, or expediting, for engineering and/or architectural and/or landscape architectural projects; or  2. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State’s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization and five years of experience as described in “1” above; or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State’s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization plus any combination of college education and/or experience described in “1” above to make up the equivalent of five years of education and experience. One year of experience credit will be given for (a) each 30 semester credits of college education leading to a bachelor’s degree from an accredited college in engineering, engineering technology, architecture, architectural technology, landscape architecture, business administration or public administration; (b) a Masters degree from an accredited university in one of the disciplines described in “1” above; or (c) a valid New York State license as a Professional Engineer, Registered Architect, or Registered Landscape Architect.  Experience which is primarily of a design nature is not acceptable towards meeting the qualification requirements.  4.  In addition to meeting the qualification requirements for Assignment Level I, candidates must have at least one additional year of experience as described in ''1'' above in a supervisory capacity or have served for at least one year as a project manager for a large and/or complex construction project.  5.  In addition to meeting the qualification requirements for Assignment Level I, candidates must have at least two additional years of experience as described in ''1'' above in a supervisory capacity or have served for at least two additional years as a project manager for a large and/or complex construction project.|Professional license in engineering, landscape architecture or a graduate degree in urban design preferred. AutoCAD skills required.| |07/30/2014 00:00:00
insert|120927|HRA/DEPT OF SOCIAL SERVICES|1|SOCIAL SERVICES REPRESENTATIVE|SUPERVISOR I (WELFARE)|43170|69211|Annual|369-371 East 148 St, Bronx Ny|Employment/Contract Svcs-NM|The Family Independence Administration (FIA)/Employment and Contracts is recruiting one (1) Supervisor I (Social Services), to function as a Social Services Representative the Back to Work Program (BTW) at the Fedcap site located at 369 East 148 Street; the selected candidate will:     •Service as the primary HRA Representative at the various assigned vendor locations;    provide clarification of complex employment mandates as stipulated by government    policies and the BTW vendor agreements.      •Monitor vendor scheduling to prevent overcrowding at sites; monitor multiple    timekeeping systems at BTW sites to resolve issues that may result in errors.      •Prepare weekly/daily activity reports for the sites under their supervision; ensure that HRA   policies/procedures are disseminated and understood by the assigned BTW vendor and    relevant personnel.      •Provide written recommendations/suggestions for program improvement/innovations;    conduct conciliation conferences at the assigned BTW sites; address client employment    barriers and reasonable accommodation request received from the assigned BTW    locations.    •Interface with Business Link and their contractors to refer eligible participants to    subsidized or transitional employment programs.    •Enforce non-compliance sanctions for failure to accept authentic employment    opportunities; manages/assess the case load of participants with Individual Training    Voucher Accounts, requiring special assessment and budget management.    •Maintain a tracking log for participants, ensuring compliance with employment service    plan requirements; resolve attendance issues to settle conciliations, resulting from vendor    or WEP assignments.|A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and one year of full-time satisfactory social casework experience.| |Candidates must be permanent within the civil service title of Supervisor I SS.|06/04/2013 00:00:00
insert|155062|DEPT OF RECORDS & INFO SERVICE|1|PHOTO UNIT TECHNICIAN|PUBLIC RECORDS OFFICER|37176|53415|Annual|31 Chambers St., N.Y.|Municipal Archives|The Department of Records seeks a responsible individual to join its team helping to preserve and reformat the historical photograph and print collections of the Municipal Archives. Under supervision, the technician will be responsible for digitizing historical images and documents, adjusting the scans to achieve maximum quality, and storing them along with appropriate meta-data about the digital images. The technician may also produce prints from the digital scans. The technician may also produce black & white prints in a traditional darkroom.     Other tasks include reading hand-written and typed information pertaining to photographs and other visual records and entering that information into Access and other database programs. Related tasks will include proofreading, verifying photograph captions, and researching caption information.     Conservation duties may include re-housing photographs in archival storage containers, packaging film for cold storage, and cleaning glass-plate negatives. Other duties may include preparing objects for exhibition.     The technician must demonstrate proficiency in the operation and calibration of a high-end scanner, experience in digital retouching, and comprehensive knowledge of Adobe PhotoShop. This position may include moving and lifting heavy over-size boxes and books.|1. A Masters degree from an accredited college in Library Science, Archival Science, American History, Political Science, or a related area; or    2. A baccalaureate degree form an accredited college and one year full-time professional experience in archival, records management or library work; or    3. Education and/or experience equivalent to ''1'' or ''2'' above. However, all candidates must have the baccalaureate degree from an accredited college.|--All candidates must demonstrate proficiency in the operation and calibration of a high-end scanner, experience in digital retouching, and comprehensive knowledge of Adobe PhotoShop.  -A background in photography and/or visual arts is preferred, along with experience handling cultural heritage materials.  -All candidates must be able to perform the physical tasks associated with the position.| |07/13/2014 00:00:00
insert|150410|NYC HOUSING AUTHORITY|1|Agency Attorney II - Corporate Affairs|AGENCY ATTORNEY|69085|69085|Annual|Law Dept - Corporate Affairs|Law Department|Attorneys in the Corporate Affairs Division perform sophisticated transactional legal work covering a broad array of subject matter, including drafting and negotiating significant/intricate contracts and handling pre-litigation construction claims.  Responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:    1.  Draft, negotiate and/or review contracts, solicitations, requests for proposals, board resolutions, opinions of counsel and letters of award.  2.  Advise program units on procurement issues based on federal regulations and New York City Housing Authority's (NYCHA’s) contract procedure regulation.  3.  Analyze and resolve pre-litigation construction claims.  4.  Perform legal research.  5.  Perform related duties.    The selected candidate is required to maintain confidentiality regarding all NYCHA proceedings.|1. Admission to the New York State Bar; and either ''2'' or ''3'' below.  2. One year of satisfactory United States legal experience subsequent to admission to any state bar; or   3. Six months of satisfactory service as an Agency Attorney Interne (30086).    Incumbents must remain Members of the New York State Bar in good standing for the duration of this employment.  In addition to meeting the minimum Qualification Requirements:  To be assigned to Assignment Level (AL) II, candidates must have one year of experience at Assignment Level I or two years of comparable legal experience subsequent to admission to the bar, in the areas of law related to the assignment. To be assigned to AL III candidates must have two years of experience in Assignment Levels I and/or II or three years of comparable legal experience subsequent to admission to the bar, in the areas of law related to the assignment.|1.  Critical and strategic thinker with excellent drafting skills.  2.  Ability to work independently and as a team player.  3.  Ability to meet stringent deadlines.|Resume and cover letter must also include bar admission date(s) (month and year); candidates must also provide two writing samples representing the candidate's efforts, not those of a reviewer; three references, listing their professional association and the circumstances under which they became familiar with the candidate's professional skills; a copy of law school transcript; provide current and/or minimum salary requirements.    SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR NYCHA EMPLOYEES:    Employees applying for promotional, title or level change opportunities must have served a period of one year in their current title and level (if applicable).|06/26/2014 00:00:00
insert|155567|DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE|1|Child Wellness and Treatment Specialist, Bureau of  Children, Youth, and Families|SPECIAL CONSULTANT (MENTAL HEA|60183|83038|Annual|42-09 28th Street|Children, Youth, & Families|The Bureau of Children, Youth, & Families (CYF) within the Division of Mental Hygiene is responsible for planning, funding and overseeing NYC’s comprehensive network of child and adolescent community mental health services. CYF oversees a portfolio of over 100 programs and supports a family-driven, individualized and strength-based approach to care.  The Bureau also implements prevention and mental health promotion strategies, conducts policy analysis and development, epidemiological studies and surveillance, and plans and implements initiatives to meet the mental health needs of children and their families    Reporting directly to the Director of Development and Coordinated Services, as the  Child Wellness and Treatment Specialist you will:     -Manage all aspects of the development  of  five Early  Childhood Mental Health Therapeutic Centers and one citywide a Training and Technical Assistance Center including procurement, writing scopes, negotiating budgets, establishing performance and outcome indicators and other activities related to start-up.     -Manage contracted portfolio of early childhood mental health services and other contracted children’s mental health services as assigned; conduct site visits, manage budgets and budget modifications, scope renewals, Vendex assignment, and monitor performance.     -Identify programmatic issues and work closely with providers to resolve through site visits, provider meetings, quality improvement activities and other technical assistance opportunities.    -Organize and chair scheduled meetings with providers; identify opportunities to improve program operations and child/youth outcomes using data; assess program training needs and address workforce development issues. Provide training as needed.    -Work collaboratively with other contracted providers in DMH and stakeholders across settings and service systems to promote and advance early childhood mental health through consultation, training, and support.    -Advance the Bureau’s mental health initiatives especially in primary care through detailing, parenting classes/training, and promote maternal depression screening.    -Work with schools to promote early identification and linkage of students at risk and support efforts to expand social and emotional understanding.    -Participate in special projects to improve service delivery operations.     -Perform other duties as assigned.|A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university, and either:  1. A Master's degree in Social Work from an accredited college or university in the school of social work, or 60 graduate semester credits from an accredited university in social work, psychology, health, rehabilitation, public health, psychiatric nursing or special education; plus one year of full-time, satisfactory experience providing direct care in a social, psychiatric, health, mental retardation/developmental disabilities or substance abuse/chemical dependency/alcoholism agency or in the administration of a  program providing direct care as described above, or as a consultant on program planning or evaluation for such services; or    2. A Master's degree of at least 30 graduate semester credits from an accredited university in psychology, sociology, anthropology, public health, special education,  psychiatric nursing, counseling, human services, health, rehabilitation, public administration, or business administration; plus two years of experience as described in ''1'' above; or    3. A satisfactory combination of education and/or experience. Candidates without either a Master's degree as described in ''1'' or ''2'' above or at least 60 graduate semester credits in the areas listed in ''1'' above, must have at least:   a) a baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university and one year of actual experience as described in ''1'' above; plus   b) a satisfactory combination of: (i) graduate semester credits in the areas listed in ''1'' and ''2'' above; and/or (ii) additional experience as described in ''1'' above, to equal 60 graduate semester credits or 2 years of experience.  Graduate semester credits from an accredited university may be substituted for the experience in qualification ''3 b)'' only, on the basis of 30 graduate semester credits for each year of experience. Experience may be substituted for graduate semester credits in qualification ''3 b)'' only, on the basis of one year of experience for each 30 graduate semester credits.    NOTE: For assignment to Assignment Level II, in addition to meeting the above qualification requirements, all candidates must have one additional year of experience as described in ''1'' above.|The preferred candidate will possess a Master’s degree from an accredited college or University in Social Work, Psychology, Public Health, other degree from an accredited college or university with a specialization in infant, toddler mental health. Knowledge of early childhood development, children’s mental health and evidence based mental health treatment models. Work experience in children’s mental health settings, especially in early childhood mental health and early childhood systems of care; prior experience with continuous quality improvement methods and the use of data to improve quality. Ability to train; ability to work in a team environment as well as the ability to work independently and deliver work products in a timely manner; strong analytical and writing skills; ability to engage community and other stakeholders and represent the Bureau; excellent analytic, oral and organizational abilities, good computers skills including Microsoft Word, Excel, Access, and Power Point .| |07/17/2014 00:00:00
insert|145995|DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION|1|Vessel Construction Manager|PORT MARINE ENGINEER|69417|97893|Annual|1 Bay St., S.I.,Ny|Ferry Engineering|Under varying levels of direction from the Director of Ferry Engineering and Deputy Director of Ferry Maintenance of the Staten Island Ferry, with some latitude for independent judgment, is responsible for the planning, control and execution of structural, mechanical, and electrical marine engineering projects on municipal ferries, barges and marine vessels operated by the Department of Transportation.  Performs related work such as serving as the Agency lead and project manager for design and construction of new ferry classes as well as all other new vessel construction.  Responsible for the management of vessel design and construction contracts on behalf of the Agency, working independently in the field with decision-making authority.  EXAMPLES OF TYPICAL TASKS: Researches and advises on the preparation of specifications and on projects connected with vessel (ferry/barge/etc.) dry dockings, conversions, modifications, and new construction. Provides cost estimates and monitors budgets for projects. Performs field surveys of assigned projects from prior to inception through completion to monitor progress, including, but not limited to: research of drawings/technical manuals, classification surveys, regulatory agency compliance and vessel reports. Incorporates required items into specifications. Ensures contractor compliance with project specifications. Prepares final/completion reports for projects. Tracks and monitors vessel/barge preventive maintenance systems, machinery and hull conditions for maintenance issues that may need to be addressed during dry dockings/projects. Monitors, updates, files and distributes all vessel/barge survey, certificate and regulatory requirements. Plans and schedules inspections of vessels and submission of reports and documentation to insure completion by required due dates. Assists with Root Cause and follow-up inquiries of any vessel-related non-conformities, observations, near-misses and accidents. Monitors and documents dry dockings, new construction, miscellaneous projects, and specification submission time lines. Supervises and reviews the work of subordinate staff. Coordinates with ferry staff to ensure all design considerations are included in new construction or dry docking specifications and projects.  Works closely with DOT ferry safety and security department to ensure strict adherence to safety standards and environmental protection guidelines for all projects. Reviews contractors’ (designers and construction/shipyard contractors) work for compliance with contracts specs; reviews and approves contractors’ requisitions for payment; identifies problems in construction and seeks resolutions; prepares and negotiates change orders,  maintains contract files and written records of job progress; performs other related construction project management work as assigned by the supervisor.|1. A Baccalaureate Degree in Marine Engineering or Naval Architecture from an accredited college and five years of full-time paid experience in marine engineering operations, maintenance, design and repair, including writing contracts and maintenance specifications for the maintenance, design and repair of marine vessels and managing major marine projects including dry dockings; or closely related experience ; or   2. Seagoing experience as a Chief Engineer or 1st Assistant Engineer with a United States Coast Guard Engineering License of Steam or Motor Vessels of any horsepower may be substituted for up to three years of the experience described in 1 above, but all candidates must possess at least a Baccalaureate Degree in an engineering discipline or Naval Architecture.|1. Experience in construction and repair of marine vessels, with on-site shipyard experience, is highly desirable. 2. Thorough knowledge of American Bureau of Shipping (ABS) & US Coast Guard (USCG) shipbuilding rules & regulations strongly desired. 3. Design and specification writing and review strongly preferred 4. Experience in the design process and construction of marine vessels, from concept through final construction, and in the management of large marine projects is desirable. 5. Knowledge in the use of automated design software is desirable.|Moderate travel to extensive travel, including out of state, will be required.  May include travel periods of long duration.  TWIC REQUIREMENT: Once selected for employment at the Staten Island Ferry, federal regulations require that the applicant must either undergo a federal background check as part of the Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) program or already possess a TWIC. The TWIC must be obtained within 30 days of appointment, and be maintained for the duration of employment. For further program information, visit: www.tsa.gov/twic.|04/28/2014 00:00:00
insert|137629|DEPT OF INFO TECH & TELECOMM|1|Assistant Project Manager|ADM MANAGER-NON-MGRL FRM M1/M2|45758|72000|Annual|2 Metro Tech 4Th Flr, Rm 418|Enterprise APP Services|DoITT provides for the sustained, efficient and effective delivery of IT services, infrastructure and telecommunications to enhance service delivery to New York City's residents, businesses, employees and visitors. As the City's technology leader, DoITT is responsible for maintaining the foundational IT infrastructure and systems that touch every aspect of City life from public safety to human services, from education to economic development crossing the full spectrum of governmental operations.  The successful candidate will serve an Assistant Project Manager for the Project Management Services group with the Application Development Management Division. Responsibilities will include: Provide overall support for Project Managers and Executive Management within the Project Management Services group; prepare scope of work and other Project Initiation activities defined by the PMO and/or IT Services methodology; collaborate closely with the business owners/stakeholders and technical teams to identify and document detailed requirements, process flows, and data sources related to initiation and planning phases; manage full life-cycle of project through project review cycle and beyond when necessary; train on agile practices; become a Scrummaster to coach these practices across projects; develop project schedule and coordinate tasks among teams for business as usual activities and projects; adhere to established DoITT methodologies and standards, including those of the DoITT PMO and IT Services as well as facilitating activities with team members around these standards; enforce adherence to the PMO processes, methodology, and templates across projects; prepare and develop deliverables part of the DoITT Project Management methodology; evaluate project objectives and determine the project approach; prepare a hand-off packet for Project Manager when required for full project management services; work with clients, Client Relationship Managers and Project Managers to define technical solution, timeline, and project activities; resolve project issues; support Project and Program Managers by monitoring and controlling budget, vendor invoices, consultant on and off boarding, risks and issues logs, status reports, communications plan, and accurate entries in DoITT s project tracking tools; communicate with project managers and management to provide status on project review, monitoring, and controlling activities; prepare statistical analyses, weekly dashboards, and regular executive analytical reports and data for presentation to Senior Management; and oversee consultants to ensure they adhere to DoITT policies and standards as well as deliver contracted deliverables; and handle special projects and initiatives as assigned.|1. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of satisfactory, full-time progressively responsible clerical/administrative experience requiring independent decision-making concerning program management or planning, allocation for resources and the scheduling and assignment of work, 18 months of which must have been in an administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory capacity. The supervisory work must have been in the supervision of staff performing clerical/administrative work of more than moderate difficulty; or  2. An associate degree or 60 semester credits from an accredited college and five years of satisfactory, full-time progressively responsible experience as described in ''1'' above, 18 months of which must have been in an administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory capacity. The supervisory work must have been in the supervision of staff performing clerical/administrative work of more than moderate difficulty; or  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent and six years of  satisfactory, full-time progressively responsible experience as described in ''1''  above, 18 months of which must have been in an administrative, managerial,  executive or supervisory capacity. The supervisory work must have been in the  supervision of staff performing clerical/administrative work of more than  moderate difficulty; or  4. Education and/or experience equivalent to ''1'', ''2'' or ''3'' above. However, all  candidates must possess the 18 months of administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory experience as described in ''1'', ''2'' or ''3'' above. Education above  the high school level may be substituted for the general clerical/administrative  experience (but not for the administrative, managerial, executive or supervisory  experience described in ''1'', ''2'' or ''3'' above) at a rate of 30 semester credits  from an accredited college for 6 months of experience up to a maximum of 3½  years.|The preferred candidate should possess the following: Proven ability to work independently on tasks to completion with a minimum of supervision; ability to interact with project managers and experience working with executive management; demonstrated experience working with technical and non-technical staff; exceptional knowledge of Microsoft office programs such as Excel, PowerPoint, Word and Access as well as Project Management software;  outstanding collaboration and team building skills; strong written and verbal communication skills; excellent analytic, organization, presentation and facilitation skills; and the ability to handle multiple tasks under tight deadlines.| |03/17/2014 00:00:00
insert|144825|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION|1|Fixed Asset Analyst|ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF ANALYST (|56937|88649|Annual|59-17 Junction Blvd Corona Ny|Capital Budget Management|Under general supervision of the Director of Accounting or her designee, candidate should have the ability to independently handle all required tasks which include but are not limited to interpreting the City’s Accounting Directives, evaluating and making recommendation of existing operating procedures; research and implement the operating process needed to comply with new requirements; understand and use the City’s Financial Management System for research, analyze and/or report with emphasis on capital and fixed assets, and the Water Board’s Customer Information System, to ensure compliance of operating requirements. Analyze and reconcile accounts with system and financial reports.    Specific tasks include but are not limited to:    Review and document all necessary procedures to ensure the compliance of internal control requirements per Accounting Directive 1.    Work with the Capital Budget Unit and all capital bureaus to collect and record accurate information on completed capital projects and purchased fixed assets in the City’s Financial Management System.  Assist capital budget staff in identifying capital eligible spending in accordance to Accounting Directive 10 and 30.  Participate in the development and the management of a new fixed asset database.  Prepare written procedure manuals for operating processes.  Analyze fixed assets data between the fixed asset database and the City’s Financial Management System (FMS3) and resolve discrepancies.  Assist the Water Finance Authority in gathering necessary information for reporting or analysis.  Gather required reports, certificates and ensure procedures are as per the Comptroller’s Annual Closing Instructions.  Research and establish operating procedures and require reports for new transactions or services.  Work with Water Board (WB), Water Finance Authority (WFA), the Comptroller’s Office, the Financial Information Services Agency (FISA), all DEP Bureaus, and other City Agencies to resolve any fixed asset or capital issues.  Train & supervise subordinates.  Handle or assist in ad hoc projects.|1. A master's degree from an accredited college in economics, finance, accounting, business or public administration, human resources management, management science, operations research, organizational behavior, industrial psychology, statistics, personnel administration, labor relations, psychology, sociology, human resources development, political science, urban studies or a closely related field, and two years of satisfactory full-time professional experience in one or a combination of the following: working with the budget of a large public or private concern in budget administration, accounting, economic or financial administration, or fiscal or economic research; in management or methods analysis, operations research, organizational research or program evaluation; in personnel or public administration, recruitment, position classification, personnel relations, employee benefits, staff development, employment program planning/administration, labor market research, economic planning, social services program planning/evaluation, or fiscal management; or in a related area. 18 months of this experience must have been in an executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory capacity. Supervision must have included supervising staff performing professional work in the areas described above; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of professional experience in the areas described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience, as described in ''1'' above.|* Working knowledge of FMS  * Excellent written and verbal communication skills   * Strong analytical skills  * Knowledge of New York City's Accounting Directives| |02/25/2014 00:00:00
insert|163686|HRA/DEPT OF SOCIAL SERVICES|1|Director for LGBTQ Advocacy|ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF ANALYST (|54740|146276|Annual|180 Water Street|Comm Affairs/Immigrant Svc-NM|HRA serves more than three million New York City residents annually through a diverse array of programs and services. The newly created Office of Client Advocacy ensures clients have access to information, services and benefits, and feel empowered and informed when accessing HRA services. To advance the Mayor’s vision to fight poverty and income inequality, prevent homelessness and improve service delivery, HRA is recruiting for a Director of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Questioning (LGBTQ) Advocacy.     The Director for LGBTQ Advocacy will be responsible for promoting access and equal opportunity to social services and benefits to the LGBTQ community throughout New York City, collaborate with HRA program areas and assess existing policies and procedures and make recommendations to improve service delivery for those in the LGTBQ community, work collaboratively with the Office of Constituent Services (OCS) to assess complaints about discrimination, access and sensitivity, and coordinate with various stakeholders to develop comprehensive HRA policies and procedures that improve service delivery to all clients.      Under the direction of the Assistant Deputy Commissioner of the Office of Client Advocacy, the Director of LGBTQ Advocacy will:    • Coordinate with key stakeholders to assess and develop recommendations on improving      access to services for all clients.    • Collaborate with HRA program areas to re-evaluate current policies and procedures and      provide guidance on ways to improve service delivery to LGBTQ clients.      • Serve as liaison with various city agencies, community based organizations, and      advocates regarding LGBTQ-specific concerns.     • Collaborate with the Office of Constituent Services to facilitate the resolution of complaints      and accommodations and provide assistance to LGBTQ clients.    • Coordinate with HRA’s Office of Legal Affairs to ensure that HRA programs are in      compliance with civil rights, equal access, and entitlement laws and regulations.    • Liaise between and among advocates and HRA to ensure grievances and complaints are      appropriately addressed.    • Work with various program training groups within HRA to develop appropriate procedures      and staff development trainings on providing culturally competent services that are      responsive to the needs of LGBTQ clients.|1. A master's degree from an accredited college in economics, finance, accounting, business or public administration, human resources management, management science, operations research, organizational behavior, industrial psychology, statistics, personnel administration, labor relations, psychology, sociology, human resources development, political science, urban studies or a closely related field, and two years of satisfactory full-time professional experience in one or a combination of the following: working with the budget of a large public or private concern in budget administration, accounting, economic or financial administration, or fiscal or economic research; in management or methods analysis, operations research, organizational research or program evaluation; in personnel or public administration, recruitment, position classification, personnel relations, employee benefits, staff development, employment program planning/administration, labor market research, economic planning, social services program planning/evaluation, or fiscal management; or in a related area. 18 months of this experience must have been in an executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory capacity. Supervision must have included supervising staff performing professional work in the areas described above; or    2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of professional experience in the areas described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience, as described in ''1'' above.|• Graduate level studies in: law, public policy/administration, government, management or      other related fields.    • Knowledge of HRA and related social service policies at city, state and federal levels.    • Knowledge of LGBTQ issues.    • Ability to work effectively and collaboratively with a range of people.     • Management/supervisory experience.    • Experience with statistics, records-keeping and data analysis.    • Excellent communication skills, writing, and presentation skills.     • Ability to manage projects; excellent follow-through.    • Technology fluent: proficiency in Microsoft Suite of programs, ability to create databases,      spreadsheets, list serves, PowerPoint presentations, etc.    • Ability to exercise complete discretion when handling sensitive or confidential information.    • Highly motivated individual, self-starter who can make solid independent judgment.    • Ability to work under pressure, meet deadlines and easily adapt to new circumstances.    • Excellent strategic and public relations skills.     • Team player who can work collaboratively, model kindness and respect for all.    • Bi-lingual skills a plus.| |08/25/2014 00:00:00
insert|150259|DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE|1|Junior.NET Developer, Bureau of HIV/AIDS Prevention and Control|CERT IT DEVELOPER (APP)|69097|79462|Annual|42-09 28th Street|HIV/AIDS Epidem & Field Srvcs|The HIV Epidemiology and Field Services program is seeking a highly-motivated, experienced Application Developer to join our Data Support Unit IT team to develop Web applications and manage complex HIV databases. The certified IT developer will function primarily as a .NET Developer, under the supervision of the Director for Data Support Unit. He or she will be working with the team to develop application systems, and will also have the opportunity to contribute to the evolution of the system's architecture and technology, as well as the continual improvement of development processes. Duties include, but are not limited to developing, designing, implementing, enhancing, maintaining and analyzing software systems.     The selected candidate will be responsible to HIV databases/HEPWEB maintenance and coordinating the development of application enhancements in C#, ASP.NET, and Microsoft SQL. The job will require the employee to review and develop project estimations and integrated project plans.    The prospective employee should be familiar and have hands-on experience with the following technologies/software: C#, ASP.NET, VS 2008/2010, Framework 3.x/4, XML, Web Services, SQL, SQL Server 2005/2008, Reporting Service, Crystal report, SharePoint .Net development. The selected candidate should possess 3+ years of experience designing and building applications with object-oriented software development methodologies and practices using .NET and related technologies.|Professional/Vendor Certification, Education and Experience Requirements: You must have current professional/vendor certifications.   In addition, you must have one of the following:  1. A masters degree in computer science or a related field from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 12 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience in computer applications development planning, design, configuration, installation, troubleshooting, integration, performance monitoring, maintenance, enhancement, and security management as described in the following nine Major Task Groups in the IT Titles Task Inventory*: Applications Development; Web Development, Design, and Maintenance; Business/Systems Analysis; Project Management Support; Application Design; GIS Structures, Spatial Analysis, and Mapping Principles; Testing; Technical Writing; and Version Control; OR  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) AND 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in “1” above; OR  3. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State’s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization AND 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized experience as described in “1” above plus 48 months of information technology experience as described in the IT Task Inventory *; OR  4. A satisfactory combination of education and experience which is equivalent to “3” above. Education may be substituted for the information technology experience on the basis of 30 semester credits from an accredited college or university, accredited by regional, national, professional, or specialized agencies recognized as accrediting bodies by the U.S. Secretary of Education and by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA) is equivalent to 12 months of experience, up to a maximum of 48 months. However, if you qualify under options “2,” “3” or “4,” you must have at least a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State’s Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization and at least 24 months of satisfactory full-time (not classroom based) specialized information technology experience as described in “1” above.|Candidates should also possess the following skills:  -- Solid experience in design, code, test and implement high quality, scalable and extendable software solutions using C#/.NET.  -- XML technologies including DTD/XSD, XPATH, and Object XML mapping.  -- Hands-on experience with MVC, LINQ, AJAX, JQUERY, WCF Web service, XML, CSS, DHTML  --Solid experience in processing large volume data and using complex SQL query.  -- Strong communication, analysis, and problem solving skills.  -- Must be detailed oriented, self-motivated, and enthusiastic; work well within a team environment and with minimal supervision.  -- Comfortable working with clearly defined project plans and contributing estimates to the planning process.|You must have current professional/vendor certifications.     Microsoft Certified Applications Developer for .Net (MCAD)  Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer for .Net (MCSD)  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer: Web Developer  Microsoft Certified Professional Developer: Enterprise Applications Developer  Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist: .NET Framework 2.0 Web Applications|05/06/2014 00:00:00
insert|150332|DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION|1|Associate Commissioner for Franchises & Street Furniture|ADMINISTRATIVE STAFF ANALYST (|100000|140000|Annual|55 Water St Ny Ny|Office of the Commissioner|This candidate will serve as the Associate Commissioner for Franchises and Street Furniture, and will be a member of DOT Executive Staff, reporting directly to the First Deputy Commissioner.  This position will oversee the Department’s offices of Urban Design and Art, Coordinated Street Furniture & Franchises, and Bike Share Program.  The candidate will serve to unite programs and initiatives that involve both permanent and temporary installations in the streetscape. This will include the planning, installation, and community work related to street furniture; the facilitation of cohesive streetscape design; the development of streetscape elements and temporary and permanent art installations; design review in support of many areas of DOT including the Bridges, Capital Program/Construction, and Traffic & Planning; coordination with the Public Design Commissioner, inspection and maintenance of streetscape elements; review and oversight of franchises, concessions, and consents; planning and oversight of DOT’s Summer Streets programs; review and update of DOT’s Street Design Manual; and the operation of DOT’s Bike Share Program; perform related managerial duties.|1. A master's degree from an accredited college in economics, finance, accounting, business or public administration, human resources management, management science, operations research, organizational behavior, industrial psychology, statistics, personnel administration, labor relations, psychology, sociology, human resources development, political science, urban studies or a closely related field, and two years of satisfactory full-time professional experience in one or a combination of the following: working with the budget of a large public or private concern in budget administration, accounting, economic or financial administration, or fiscal or economic research; in management or methods analysis, operations research, organizational research or program evaluation; in personnel or public administration, recruitment, position classification, personnel relations, employee benefits, staff development, employment program planning/administration, labor market research, economic planning, social services program planning/evaluation, or fiscal management; or in a related area. 18 months of this experience must have been in an executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory capacity. Supervision must have included supervising staff performing professional work in the areas described above; or  2. A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college and four years of professional experience in the areas described in ''1'' above, including the 18 months of executive, managerial, administrative or supervisory experience, as described in ''1'' above.|Preference given to candidates possessing significant supervisory experience; prior experience and education in city planning, architecture, or design; experience working with community groups and New York City agencies.  Excellent communications skills needed.| |05/07/2014 00:00:00
insert|160367|DEPT OF CITYWIDE ADMIN SVCS|1|COLLEGE AIDE|COLLEGE AIDE (ALL CITY DEPTS)|10|10|Hourly|1 Centre St., N.Y.|Asset Mgmt/Acquisition&Leasing|Lease Audit Unit-The Lease Audit Unit is responsible for performing a comprehensive review of financial records to determine (a) if City agencies as tenants are being charged the proper amounts by landlords for variable charges and (b) if City tenants which pay variable rents based upon a set formula are paying the appropriate rents to DCAS.  The City has entered into 435 leases with private landlords for approximately 21.5 million square feet of space to be used by tenant agencies for offices, garages, warehouses, day care centers and senior centers.  The Lease Audit unit performed more than 370 audits which have identified and recouped nearly $39 million in landlord overcharges to City agencies.    Budget Unit- The Expense Budget Unit monitors and implements Other Than Personnel Services (OTPS) budgets.  Functions performed by the expense budget unit include but are not limited to monitoring Asset Management’s budget forecasts, preparing expense plans and budget modifications.  The unit works with all Asset Management staff to identify new needs and to ensure contracts are current and encumbered appropriately.    Responsibilities Include:    Assist the lease audit staff in conducting and completing audits in a timely manner in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards.  Specifically, the candidate will perform all aspects of a lease auditor including: planning, research, documentation review, audit testing and audit wrap up, under the direct supervision of a Lease Auditor.  In addition, the candidate will perform all aspects of a lease audit under the direct supervision of a Lease Auditor, including:  -  reviewing leases to determine audit criteria;  -  performing financial analyses on landlord books and records;  -  reviewing documentation to support reported expenses reimbursed by the City; and  -  performing detailed audit testing to determine the accuracy and allowance of reported expense escalations.    Assist the budget unit with expense new need preparation for the November Financial Plan, the end of year inventory report and run Info Advantage reports in FMS to create pivot table for better planning.  Specifically, under direct supervision, the candidate will:    -  Assist with preparation of expense new needs   -  End of year inventory  -  Run info-advantage reports in FMS  -  Special projects|For Assignment Level I:  Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school.  For Assignment Level II (Information Technology):  Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school with a specific course of study in information technology, computer science, management information systems, data processing, or closely related field, including or supplemented by 9 semester credits in an acceptable course of study.  For Assignment Level III (Information Technology Fellow):  Matriculation at an accredited college or graduate school. Employment is conditioned upon continuance as a student in a college or graduate school with a specific course of study in information technology, computer science, management information systems, data processing, or other area relevant to the information technology project(s) assigned, including or supplemented by 9 semester credits in an acceptable course of study. Appointments to this Assignment Level will be made by the Technology Steering Committee through the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications.    SPECIAL NOTE  Maximum tenure for all Assignment Levels in the title of College Aide is 6 years. No student shall be employed more than half-time in any week in which classes in which the student is enrolled are in session. Students may be employed full-time during their vacation periods.|-Accounting Major  -Proficiency with Microsoft Excel and Word.  -Candidates should have good communication, writing and interpersonal skills.| |08/19/2014 00:00:00
insert|151093|ADMIN TRIALS AND HEARINGS|1|Customer Service Representative|COMMUNITY SERVICE AIDE|14|16|Hourly|66 John Street, New York, Ny|ECB - Manhattan Office|The City of New York’s Office of Administrative Trials & Hearings (OATH) is a rapidly expanding and fast-paced tribunal that conducts administrative hearings for a wide range of City agencies, boards and commissions.  Its mission, providing fair and timely hearings, is achieved through independent adjudication and creative problem solving.    The Environmental Control Board, a division of OATH, is seeking a part-time Community Service Aide to join its administrative staff. The ideal candidate is an ambitious and energetic individual who enjoys the growth opportunities afforded by OATH’s ongoing commitment to positive institutional change, technological enhancement, and maximizing the public’s access to justice.        Specific duties will include, but are not limited to:  •	Data entry using automated office systems;  •	Receive, sort and screen mail from correspondence;  •	Respond to public inquiries and requests via telephone;  •	Evaluate correspondence requests for information regarding case reschedules, copies of violations/case decisions and  address changes;   •	Filing using alphabetical and numerical procedures;  •	Batch Motion to Vacate requests;  •	Assign numbers to the batched requests;  •	Send proper correspondence to applicant if case is not eligible for a Motion to Vacate or remote adjudication;  •	Enter stay processing and decision result in agency databases.  •	Reschedule cases in agency database.|The ability to understand and carry out simple instructions; in some cases the ability to speak Spanish may be required. There are no formal education requirements for this position.|•	Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint.  •	Clerical experience   •	Excellent oral and written communication skills.|1.	A four (4) year high school diploma or its educational equivalent.|05/29/2014 00:00:00
find|Job ID|157511
find|Agency|Invalid agency
find|Job ID|152086
find|Agency|DEPT OF ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION
