Part 1.
Data processing choices.
In reading the data to a pandas DataFrame, I chose to keep the date-time columns as unparsed strings to reduce the running time. The code for parsing the dates is included in the comments. Zip codes in ‘Incident Zip’ column were cleaned by replacing NaN with ‘0’, removing the ‘-‘ symbol and anything following it using a regular expression, and then setting to 0 zip codes in all rows with non-numeric character in that column. Finally all zip codes were padded with ‘0’s. No rows were removed during cleaning, since they will be removed during the join with the zipcode-population table. I assumed that the zip codes in zipCodePopulationData.csv were valid. To understand the data better, after producing the assigned plot I joined the zipcode-population-complaints table with a zipcode-borough table downloaded from http://nyc.pediacities.com/New_York_City_ZIP_Codes and produced another plot. Because you may not have the zip-borough cdv file, I hard coded the dictionary.

Plotting choices.
The first plot required very little adjustment of x and y limits.
The second plot (not required by the assignment) used colors to show the borough for each zip code. It appears that the zip codes with a very low number of complaints were in zip codes that were considered by the makers of downloaded table to be in any borough. I used a Brewer Active palette with equally spaced colors. The color choice is not ideal, as Bronx and Queens ended up with similar colors. I added a transparency parameter to attempt to add clarity to parts of the plot with dense clusters of points. Adding regression lines could help see if the boroughs averages differ, but from the scatter plot, it does not appear that they do.


Part 2.
Interpreting the question.
I am interpreting the question as follows: points on the plot represent the total number of complaints in each zip code with colors representing the agency that generated the highest number of complaints. If the agency is not in the given list ['NYPD', 'DOT', 'DOB', 'TLC', 'DPR’], then the point is color coded as ‘other’.

The plot has no points for 'DOB' agency. This does not appear to be a mistake. It looks like 'DOB' was never the agency that received the most complaints in any zip code. Also most of the 'TLC' points have only 1 complaint. This also appears to be true to the data. 'TLC' seems to only have the most complaints per zip code in zip codes with very few complaints, with the exception of a few zip codes that have more than 20 but fewer than 50 complaints and one or two zip codes with over 100 complaints. The second plot in question 3_1 suggests that the zip codes where TLC has the highest number of complaints are not in any of the five boroughs, and so their residents possibly do not use the 3-1-1 system.
